

Hongjun, who was hiding in the dark, watched this scene and didn't know what to say for a while.

Is this my own blindness?

The majestic monster prince, where is your blood? Being slapped on the head and face by Houyi, a witch clan, you don't even have the slightest hint of anger!

Also, what's your name...

"Huh? No!"

At this time, Hongjun reacted belatedly!

The monster prince just now seemed to call Hou Yi...brother-in-law?

"not good!"

Hongjun was in a bad mood, so he quickly sacrificed the jade plate of fortune and began to deduce.

This deduction doesn't matter, Hongjun's face suddenly became extremely ugly, the face that should have been calm and calm, now became so gloomy that it almost dripped water!

"Good! Good! Good! Well you Lin Long, you really have a good plan!"

He hadn't noticed it until now, but now that he had deduced it, he finally understood everything.

The relationship between the two clans of liches, not only was not as tense as I imagined, but they became in-laws!

Hou Yi, a rising star of the witch clan, married the princess of the monster clan!

Right now, the Lich Clan is so good that they almost wear a pair of pants!

The fuck is hitting with a hammer!

Moreover, the little prince of Yaozu is very afraid of his sister and brother-in-law. After all, because of Lin Long's efforts to reshape the bloodline, Dihua's cultivation has grown rapidly, and now he is about to reach the middle stage of Da Luo Jinxian!

As for Hou Yi, he is even more fierce, with the master Qingmu Longshen behind him as his master, whether in the witch clan or the monster clan, Hou Yi now has a very powerful influence!

The couple Hou Yi and Di Hua are regarded as the hope of the future Wu Clan and Yao Clan!

Some people even suggested that if the two could give birth to a bloodline creature combined with a lich, they would be regarded as the co-lords of the two clans!

Under such circumstances, how could Di Yu, the crown prince at the peak of Taiyi Jinxian, not be afraid of his sister and brother-in-law?

After some deduction, Hongjun felt very tired.

After calculating for so long, it turned out that after calculations and calculations, the two clans of Lich were promoted to unite one family, and the world was in harmony.

In this case, there is still a lot of calamity!

The Lich Quantity Tribulation that I planned developed in the opposite direction, and never looked back. According to this situation, if I continue to develop, let alone improve my realm, it will be considered a fluke if my cultivation base does not regress.

Having retreated for thousands of years, Hongjun's mood can be said to be extremely bad when he got such a big bad news as soon as he left the closed door.

The thought of killing Lin Long in his heart soared even more uncontrollably!

If Lin Long is not eliminated, he will always be a serious problem in his heart!

"Okay! Lin Long, you have obstructed me again and again, and I will never give up with you today!"

Youdao said that the more you think about some things, the more you get angry, and you plan step by step, but it doesn't count that Lin Long disassembles them step by step. Instead, you turn things around and develop in the direction you don't want to see.

Hongjun felt that he had walked into a dead end, and was completely angry!

Especially for this plan of Emperor Jun's heir, he had planned it for so long, and even felt complacent just now that he had succeeded, but in the end, Lin Long made a move.

At this moment, Hongjun is like a clown who fetches water from a bamboo basket in vain, steals chickens and loses nothing!

He could see that if Lin Long was not eliminated, his plan would not be successful!

"You've been thinking about ruining my affairs, but now you are practicing comfortably in Longsen, and I won't let you be comfortable!"

Hongjun took a deep breath, snorted, and didn't care how Houyi continued to teach Diyu, but stepped across the space and came to Beihai.

Just when he had just set foot in the Beihai realm, Lin Long, who was in the Dragon God Palace, opened his eyes, looking at Hongjun through the barrier of the Dragon God Realm.

"Hehe, have you found it? It seems that the matter between the two Liches was discovered by this old guy."

There was a hint of a smile on the corner of Lin Long's mouth, seeing Hongjun's gloomy old face, he felt no psychological pressure at all.

Besides, his current cultivation base is no longer below Hongjun's, Hongjun wants to take him down, it's just a dream come true!

However, this time he did not intend to personally deal with Hongjun.

The Dragon God Realm has been at ease in the entire prehistoric world for too long, and many members of the three clans, as well as his own disciples, have become a little ecstatic.

Now that Hongjun came to the door, he could teach them a lesson.

There is a saying that even a piece of toilet paper is useful, and the dignified Taoist ancestors are naturally not as good as a piece of toilet paper. It is just right to remind these guys.

Thinking of this, Lin Long simply waved his hand and directly opened the entrance to the Dragon God Realm.

If he didn't open it, he was worried that Hongjun wouldn't be able to find it...

After all, the entire Dragon God Realm itself was transformed by the Chaos Orb, and the current Chaos Orb has been repaired. Although it has not returned to the peak quality, it is not what Hongjun can find now.

Following Lin Long's movements, the entire Beihai sea eye, the space shook for a while.

The next moment, the huge Dragon God Realm brazenly appeared in the prehistoric, and it appeared in full view!

With the appearance of the Dragon God Realm, the prehistoric world suddenly shook violently!

Three vast fairy islands... No, to be more precise, today's Sanxian Island has evolved into three continents, connected one after another, covering the entire North Sea!

Such a huge movement naturally attracted the attention of many creatures in the wild.

"What's going on? What happened to Beihai?"

"Xiandao, it's Xiandao! Three fairy islands suddenly appeared above the North Sea!"

"Three fairy islands appeared in the North Sea? Could it be the Dragon God Realm?"

"It should be! It is rumored that the Dragon God Realm is located in Beihai, and now it seems that this rumor is true!"

Someone came to his senses and quickly cast his divine sense over it.

It didn't matter after looking at it, everyone was horrified to find that Daozu Hongjun was also above the fairy island with a face full of anger!

"Lin Long, come out to me quickly!"

Hongjun was really angry this time, and got on top.

Even if you don't make a break with Lin Long today, you must teach him a lesson and let him know that you are not easy to provoke!


Those three tribes on Sanxian Island were all busy with their own affairs, but suddenly found that the world had changed and they had returned to the prehistoric.

Immediately afterwards, everyone heard Hongjun's angry shout!

"Hmph, what a guts, who on earth would dare to be so rude to Lord Dragon God!"

The next moment, several quasi-sage-level powers in the Dragon God Realm and a dozen or so Daluo Jinxian consummated masters soared into the sky, and stopped Hongjun together.

Hostility, burst!

"Hmph, ants, how dare you disrespect me!"

Hongjun was already furious, but now that these ants dared to show hostility to him, he immediately planned to raise his hand to kill these ants!

Under the saint, everyone is an ant!

Even quasi-sages are no different from ordinary creatures in the eyes of saints.

However, Lin Long in the Dragon Temple stretched out his hand and tapped the Chaos Orb lightly.

Immediately, the group of masters standing in front of Hongjun in mid-air suddenly felt a burst of Qi being injected into their bodies.

"This is the blessing of Lord Dragon God to us!"

On the contrary, Hongjun felt that he was affected by a pressure, and his connection with Tiandao also weakened a bit.

Immediately, Hongjun's eyes suddenly looked in the direction of the Dragon Temple!

"I underestimated you a little bit, but you think you can stop me like this?"

Even if they are suppressed, there is still a huge gap between saints and quasi-sages.

Hongjun can still easily deal with these quasi-sages and monks who are in the perfect state of Da Luo Jinxian.

Lin Long is also very clear about this.

But the reason why he did it just now was to ensure the safety of these guys.

Trials are honed, but you can't really play them to death.

But the sudden appearance of so many quasi-sages and Daluo Consummation in the Dragon God Realm shocked the creatures on the prehistoric land.

"I've always heard that the Dragon God Realm is mysterious, but I didn't expect it to be so tyrannical!"

"More than a dozen big Luo Jinxians are perfect, and there are even higher-level powerhouses. I can't even see through them. This Dragon God Realm is the most powerful force in the prehistoric world!"

"Hehe, are you stupid? They are not in the prehistoric world at all, and have never participated in the prehistoric hegemony."

"It's really ridiculous to say that such a huge force has long been able to unify the prehistoric world, but they have never shown their mountains and waters."

"On the contrary, Honghuang, those other great powers, always think highly of themselves."

On the small Penglai Island in the East China Sea, Prince Dong looked at the Dragon God Realm in the distance, with mixed emotions in his heart.

"Is this the strength of the Dragon God Realm?"

"Compared to Xianmeng, I really don't know how much stronger it is."

Duke Dong suddenly remembered the Haikou that he had boasted about back then.

It's ridiculous to think about it now.

The Dragon God Realm, which has always remained mysterious, suddenly appeared before the eyes of a group of prehistoric and powerful people, causing an uproar.


		