

"Why don't we act first?"

Lin Long thought to himself, but seeing the cultivation of the little loli Nuwa and Fuxi, Lin Long felt that it was better to be on the safe side.

[You used your supernatural powers to know the future, and wanted to attack the Fuxi brothers and sisters, but they were very surprised. After some explanations, you realized that you had misunderstood. The two brothers and sisters really wanted to ask you for help]

When he saw the prompt in his mind, he was relieved.

After all, we are facing the late stage of the two Da Luo, and no one in the prehistoric world can believe it except the good old man Hong Yun!

Besides, even if it is Hongyun, it is hard to guarantee that it does not have a dark history.

Of course, even though he breathed a sigh of relief, Lin Long still did not relax his vigilance.

The karma between him and the dragon clan has not been completely cut off, so he doesn't want to be contaminated with the karma of the Fuxi brothers and sisters.

Both of them are Da Luo Jinxians, it must not be that simple for them to ask for their help!

"Fellow Daoist, you are being polite, I wonder what you want me to do for you?"

The little Lolita Nuwa was rather impatient, and said, "You, how did you find so many treasures?"

Looking at the cute little loli in front of him, Lin Long couldn't help raising his eyebrows. He finally knew why Nuwa was so rude to him before.

Stepping into their dojo is simply an excuse!

There is only one real reason!

That is, the two brothers and sisters seem to be envious of the ease with which they find the treasure, and they just want to help them find the treasure. There is no excuse, just find an excuse!

"Not only looks like a child, but also behaves like a child."

Lin Long smiled slightly, but he could understand the two brothers and sisters. After all, they had been cultivating in Buzhou Mountain since they were born with wisdom, and had no contact with the outside world.

Seeing that Lin Long seemed to be smiling, Nuwa immediately became anxious: "Hey, why didn't you answer me? You... how did you find so many spiritual fruits and spiritual roots?"

While talking, Nuwa also seemed to feel that her attitude was wrong, and her voice became smaller and smaller.

After all, it's good to be ignorant of the world, but they want something from others. This kind of attitude is really inappropriate.

On the other hand, Fuxi didn't speak, but the look of longing in his eyes was enough to tell that he also wanted to know.

Mount Buzhou is a blessed land with many good things, but everything has a predestined relationship.

They practiced on Buzhou Mountain in these years, and although they obtained many spiritual roots, spiritual fruits and even treasures, they were extremely limited.

How can it be like Lin Long who collected a lot of them casually?

In fact, from the moment Lin Long entered Buzhou Mountain, the two Nuwa brothers and sisters noticed Lin Long.

But they didn't take it to heart.

Because usually there are many creatures who come to Buzhou Mountain to hunt for treasures.

But after Lin Long started the treasure hunt, the brother and sister realized something was wrong.

This guy is hunting for treasures, so he must have found too many, right?

You can get the spiritual fruit and spiritual root casually!

Moreover, after careful observation, they also found that when Lin Long was looking for these spiritual roots and fruits, his goal seemed to be very clear.

It seems that he already knew where those spiritual roots and fruits were!

This also made the Fuxi brothers and sisters feel envious.

Of course, although they were envious, the brother and sister were not jealous. It was another matter that really made them jump out and ask Lin Long for the specific reason.

As a fairy born on Buzhou Mountain, Nuwa Fuxi can feel that there is a treasure on Buzhou Mountain that is destined for him, but he can't find it after many searches.

Originally, he was ready to give up, but when he saw Lin Long today, he couldn't help but come alive again.

Maybe, this mysterious senior in front of me might have a way to find this treasure for me!

"I don't know how to deal with the world after all. With such a red mouth and white teeth, if you ask someone for help, who will do it?"

Lin Long smiled and shook his head, just about to refuse, but suddenly stopped.

Because he suddenly thought of one thing.

He didn't want to have any causal involvement with the two brothers and sisters, but before he came to Buzhou Mountain, he also thought about the famous congenital gourd vine on the top of Buzhou Mountain.

There are seven gourds on the vine, and the later generations are all divided up by the great powers of the Sanqing.

And those seven gourds also have cause and effect with them.

If he picked the seven gourds in advance, he might be contaminated with karma, which is really inconsistent with his safety first principle.

Therefore, Lin Long originally planned to think of a way to see if he could cut off the cause and effect of the seven gourds, so as to pick them up.

But now, it seems that I don't need to trouble myself so much...

Although the law of karma is powerful, it is not omnipotent. Whether it can cut off the karma with the seven big brothers is still unknown.

But now, there are Fuxi and Nuwa who have made the first birds!

The two of them originally had karma with the gourd vine, so they are not afraid of being contaminated, and I just need to let them pick the gourd and give it to me...

Now, shouldn't Tiandao also count this cause and effect on himself?

[You used your magical powers to know the future, and took the innate gourd vine and the seven gourds as your own, but you couldn't cut off the cause and effect, so you gave up]

[You used your supernatural powers to know the future, and helped the Fuxi brothers and sisters pick the congenital gourds. You are only contaminated with the karma with the Fuxi brothers and sisters, and have not been contaminated with the karma of the gourd vine]

[You used your magical powers to know the future, and easily cut off the cause and effect between you and the Fuxi brothers and sisters]

"very good!"

Lin Long used his anti-knowledge future, and after exploring it, he felt more at ease.

Of course, he also snuffed out the idea of ​​stealthily occupying all seven gourds.

"Ahem..."

Immediately, Lin Long coughed lightly, pretending to be unfathomable, and said: "I can find treasures, I have my own means! Not to mention those small middle-grade spiritual roots and spiritual fruits, just The ultimate spiritual root, if I want to find it, I can find it!"

When he spoke like this, the Fuxi brothers and sisters actually doubted the authenticity of the words.

After all, there seems to be only two small levels of difference between a middle-grade spiritual root and a top-grade spiritual root, but the degree of cherishment is vastly different!

Moreover, the best spiritual roots are often protected by innate formations, and it is difficult for ordinary people to find them, not to mention breaking the formations!

"For example, I know that there is an opportunity for your brother and sister on Mount Buzhou, but you have never been able to find it..."

Seeing the faces of Fuxi and Fuxi, Lin Long knew that the other party didn't believe him, so he said directly: "You are asking me for help because you want me to help you find this treasure!"

As soon as these words came out, the dubious looks of the Fuxi brothers and sisters immediately disappeared.

They didn't say what they wanted to ask Lin Long for help, but they said it straight away, wouldn't this prove the method of the senior in front of them?

"You, how do you know?"

The little Lolita Nuwa, who had no scheming at all, was taken aback, and she revealed her pure thoughts with a single sentence.

"This Nuwa is really delusional..."

Lin Long shook his head secretly in his heart. He hadn't even told the specific situation yet, but Nuwa jumped out and admitted it.

And Fuxi who was at the side just wanted to speak, but seeing that Nuwa had already admitted it, he simply stopped talking.

Anyway, they have something to ask of Lin Long, so Lin Long must know about it.

But Lin Long's method of understanding everything after a little thought shocked Fu Xi quite a bit.

"Dare to ask senior, where is the fairy mountain practice?"

Hearing this, Lin Long smiled lightly, and said, "I don't have a fixed dojo, it's just a scattered practice between heaven and earth."

He didn't want to get involved with the Dragon Clan, so he simply called himself a casual cultivator who traveled around.

But these words made Fuxi look at Lin Long more respectfully.

Honghuang is now an eventful time, even casual cultivators, generally do not come out to travel, only those who are super powerful, confident that they can protect themselves, dare to talk about traveling.

This turned Lin Long into a hidden power in Fuxi's eyes.

Fu Xi bowed to Lin Long.

"Senior is free and easy, and my brothers and sisters are not as good. Earlier, my brothers and sisters were rude, so don't blame me, senior."

"Hehe, it's okay. We are destined to meet each other. It seems that you have encountered some difficulties in treasure hunting. Do you want me to help you?"

He already knew in his heart what Fuxi and Nuwa were looking for, and it was none other than the supreme spiritual root bred on Mount Buzhou, the congenital gourd vine!

Although this congenital gourd vine has not yet been born, but because it has a cause and effect with Nuwa, it makes Nuwa feel something in the dark.

However, the gourd vine has cause and effect, not just Nuwa, that's why she hides from Nuwa Fuxi and refuses to appear in the world for a long time.

After all, the time has not yet come.

There are two ways to get all the treasures of the wild.

One is that the time has come, and the treasure will appear in the world by itself.

The second is to actively search and forcibly pick it up!

"Use the karma of Nuwa to pick the congenital gourds. Anyway, there are seven of them. It shouldn't be a problem for me to ask for a few. In this way, the karma for picking the gourds lies with Nuwa, and it has nothing to do with Lin!"

Lin Long had already made up his mind, and just as he was about to speak, Fuxi cupped his hands and said, "To tell you the truth, my brother and sister really want to ask you to help find a treasure. I wonder if you can help me? That thing is hidden in the Zhoushan, but my brother and sister have not been able to find it for a long time."

"Any hints?"

Lin Long asked.

Fuxi pondered for a moment, then said: "There is no too detailed reminder, but I can sense it somewhere, it should be a spiritual root."

really!

Hearing that it was a spiritual root, Lin Long felt more confident. Just as he had guessed, it really was that calabash vine!

However, he couldn't just agree to it!

The two Fuxi brothers and sisters are still young and ignorant, and they don't know that asking others for help requires sincerity.

But Lin Long is not such a person.

It’s okay to help, but it’s not good!

"Senior, is there any difficulty?"

Seeing that Lin Long didn't agree, the hearts of Fuxi and Nuwa also hung up.

I finally had hope, if I just slipped away like this, I don't know when I will find that hidden opportunity.

Looking at the anxious brother and sister, Lin Long pretended to think for a moment, and said, "I can help, but if I find it, I will choose one of them."

Fuxi frowned, not out of anger at Lin Long's request for treasures, but because he was thinking about Lin Long's words.

What does it mean to choose one of them?

Could it be that this spiritual root is not a single one? But there are many?

The chance Nuwa sensed was a spiritual root, but the spiritual root must also be accompanied by other treasures.

Otherwise, it is impossible for Lin Long to choose one!

If that's the case, it's not impossible.

Of course, Fuxi still kept an eye out: "If there are many treasures, my brother and sister are willing to let the senior choose one."

"Hehe, this kid has a long-term mind so quickly."

Lin Long said to himself in his heart, but he didn't say anything, and the words of the two seemed to be playing a riddle, which made Nuwa next to him confused.


[You were entrusted by Fuxi and Nuwa to use your supernatural powers to know the future and search for the top-quality spiritual roots on Buzhou Mountain. There is a cliff four thousand miles to the east, and there is an aura of top-quality spiritual roots coming from there. An ordinary spiritual root. 】

[You were entrusted by Fuxi and Nuwa to use your magical powers to know the future and look for the best spiritual roots on Buzhou Mountain. There is a spiritual rain spring 3,600 miles to the west, and the spiritual energy in it is strong. The sixth-grade lotus platform, but it is not mature yet]

[You were entrusted by Fuxi and Nuwa to use your magical powers to know the future, to find the best spiritual root on Mount Buzhou, and to go seven thousand miles south, halfway up Mount Buzhou, to find a secluded innate restriction. After breaking the restriction, It was discovered that it was the best innate spiritual root that had been hidden all the time, the innate gourd vine! 】


		