

"You, how dare you kill my people in front of me!"

The remaining fire phoenix was enraged in an instant, and it followed its breath to find this place, which undoubtedly showed that the first fire phoenix died in Lin Long's hands.

Now in front of him, Lin Long actually devoured his other brother.

"court death!"

The fire phoenix almost lost its mind with anger, and with a loud phoenix cry, the huge fire phoenix showed its body, and the flames were so fierce that it almost deformed the surrounding space.

Infinite inextinguishable karma swept towards Lin Long!

This is the housekeeping ability of the Phoenix family, and it is not inferior to the real fire of the sun.

Relying on this kind of bargaining method, the Phoenix family can be said to be invincible in expanding their territory in the wild.

Even the tyrannical Dragon Clan has to be a little bit cautious before the karmic fire is not extinguished.

If an ordinary creature encounters it, it can be said that if it is touched, it will die, and if it is rubbed, it will be injured.

However, facing the inextinguishable fire of karma attacking him, Lin Long seemed to be stupid and did not dodge or avoid it.

Seeing this situation, Huofeng couldn't help sneering in her heart: "I'm really looking for death! I thought the new dragon god of the Dragon Clan is so capable, but I didn't expect that he would be so big. Is this trying to catch my immortal karma? A joke!"

However, just when Huofeng thought that he was about to succeed in a blow, Lin Long suddenly opened his mouth.

The unquenchable fire of karma that was so monstrous was actually swallowed by Lin Long.

The terrifying flames directly disappeared into the sea!

"What?! How could you swallow the fire of inextinguishable karma!"

The Huofeng suddenly opened his eyes wide and froze for a moment.

Now this situation is completely beyond his expectations.

No, it should be said that his world view has been subverted!

"Since there are no new tricks, you can die."

Lin Long snorted, and in an instant, boundless thunderclouds gathered from the sky!

Bursts of thunder exploded, and a gust of wind blew up between the sky and the earth.

boom!

The thunderbolt as thick as a bucket suddenly fell, and went straight to the fire phoenix!

A crisis of death rose in Huofeng's heart, and he didn't care about the shock, almost subconsciously fanning his wings to dodge.

"Damn it! How could this blue dragon be so strong! How could he devour the inextinguishable karma of our clan?!"

Even though the fire phoenix reacted in time, it was still swept by the thunder!

With a snort, the thunder swept down, and immediately spit out blood from the mouth of the fire phoenix!

"And he also controls the rest of the laws!"

Facing the tyrannical Lin Long, this fire phoenix couldn't help cursing in his heart.

This is completely different from intelligence!

This newly promoted dragon body is not weaker than the other two dragon bodies of the Dragon Clan, and even stronger.

This kind of strength is simply not something that the three big Luo Jinxians can deal with.

This time, I'm afraid I'm really going to die here!

Having said that, but, ants still steal their lives, let alone two phoenixes?

The unquenchable fire of karma that was originally tyrannical by the phoenix can be reborn from the ashes even if it falls.

But this newly promoted Dragon God in front of him can actually devour the body of the Phoenix Clan and the unquenchable fire of karma!

This fundamentally completely restrained all the advantages of the Phoenix Clan!

Click——

Thunder kept sweeping down!

The fire phoenix tried its best to dodge, but the thunder came very fast, and he was injured again, so he couldn't dodge at all.

"No, I can't continue to consume, I must find a way to escape from here, and tell the Phoenix Clan about this green dragon!"

The fire phoenix looked up at a thunderbolt that fell down again, and then flapped its wings vigorously, trying to escape.

However, the gust of wind that had just been blown by the world suddenly blew past!

In the blink of an eye, several wind blades have cut off the fire phoenix's escape route.

With Lin Long's personality, since he made a move, how could he not hold back?

"At first, I wanted to see if your Feng family had any other abilities, but it seems that it is nothing more than that. Relying on the unquenchable karma, there is nothing special other than that."

As Lin Long's voice fell, the thunderclouds in the sky began to flicker wildly, and the originally blue thunder also turned purple-black at this moment.

Before the fire phoenix could react, a purple-black thunder that was several times stronger than before and extremely fast crashed down.

A smell of barbecue wafted from the two fire phoenixes.

Thunder's attack failed to kill Huofeng directly.

The vitality of the Feng family has always been tyrannical, and there is still a trace of unquenchable karma burning in their hearts.

Just give them time, and it won't take long for them to recover.

But unfortunately, Lin Long didn't intend to give him this time.

Seeing that the fire phoenix was seriously injured and it was inevitable to avoid it, Lin Long, who had turned into the real body of the green dragon, opened his mouth wide.

The next moment, the Law of Devouring came out brazenly!

"No! You can't kill me! I am the son of Fengzu Yuanfeng!"

Feeling death, Huofeng yelled desperately, trying to escape death.

However, Lin Long was not afraid at all.

Now that you have moved your hand, there is no room for holding back!

I want to keep a low profile, but that doesn't mean I can let others decide!

Since they all came to him and wanted to kill him, but he still wanted to keep a low profile, then there was something wrong with his mind.

Kill these three guys first, and then erase the cause and effect.

Even if what Huofeng said is true and he is really Yuanfeng's son, then when Yuanfeng finds out about this and finds him, I don't know when it will be.

Maybe, at that time, who is hiding from whom is not certain!

[You have devoured the blood essence of the phoenix, and the purity of the inextinguishable karma has increased, and the current quality has increased by 10%]

[You devoured the blood essence of the phoenix, and the law of fire proficiency increased by 4%]

[You use the law of devouring, the proficiency of the law of devouring increases by 3%]

After cooking all the three fire phoenixes, Lin Long's strength increased a lot again.

Don't look at the single-digit percentage increase, but the comprehension of this law, even if it is only a slight increase, the progress is huge!

"The Phoenix Clan is really a bit of an experience pack. If we continue at this pace and kill a few more Phoenixes, will my Law of Fire be able to be completely mastered?"

Lin Long smiled and shook his head, extinguishing this thought in his mind.

Although the Law of Devouring is powerful, of course one cannot cultivate the mind of eagerness for quick success.

On the one hand, my strength has improved too fast recently, and I must find a way to stabilize it. On the other hand, the more battles, the greater the possibility of missing.

There is a saying that if you often walk by the river, how can you not get your shoes wet?

Who can guarantee that they will always win and never lose?

In a place like Honghuang, one failure is enough to fall!

After solving the troubles of the three fire phoenixes of the Feng clan, Lin Long didn't plan to return to Longevity Mountain, but traveled in another place.

One is to stabilize one's own realm, and the other is to find some genius treasures that can improve the physical body.

The third is that the stock of ginseng fruits in Wuzhuang Temple is all on my own now, even if I go back to Wuzhuang Temple, it is meaningless.

For now, improving physical strength is the top priority.

Try to raise your realm and physical body to the level of Da Luo Jinxian Dzogchen before the decisive battle of Long Han Jie!

Only then will I truly have the power to protect myself!

"The north is far away from the territory of the Feng Clan, so let's go to the north to have a look, and save the trouble of the Feng Clan."


		