

Rumble——

The thunder dragon formed by the thunder calamity collided with Lin Long's real body, making a rumbling sound.

Inside, it was also accompanied by the proud dragon chant!

And below, Fuxi and Nuwa looked at Lin Long in the air, their eyes full of complexity.

There is worry and surprise.

"I really didn't expect that Brother Lin's real body is actually a Dragon Clan. He never mentioned this matter!"

Hearing Fuxi's words, Nuwa clenched her fists and looked worried: "Brother, what should we do now? Will Big Brother Lin be in danger? Should we go and help him?"

"It's useless to help him."

Fuxi shook his head, and said: "Just now, I made a divination. Brother Lin is experiencing a catastrophe. It is a test given to Brother Lin by the way of heaven. If you pass it, there will be many benefits. If you don't pass it, you will die." !"

Speaking of this, Fuxi was quite helpless: "It seems that no one else can help this catastrophe. The more you help, the greater the power!"

In the entire prehistoric world, the way of heaven is gradually awakening consciousness, and it is slowly beginning to perfect itself, and this catastrophe is exactly the same!

Maybe, it is from Lin Long that the prehistoric crossing the catastrophe began!

While the two of them were talking, Lin Long in midair had already begun to absorb the breath of thunder contained in the thunder dragon.

The thunder dragon was so powerful that it bombarded Lin Long's body, causing the scales on Lin Long's body to shatter inch by inch.

Not only is this thunder dragon mixed with the power of destruction, but it also has a paralyzing effect.

Although Lin Long had already started to absorb the Thunder Dragon's breath of thunder, there was still a process.

And the means he has hidden, such as the law of devouring, the law of creation, the laws of time, cause and effect, and space, have no effect in front of Lei Jie.

Now, the only way to withstand the thunder dragon's bombardment is to slowly absorb the thunder dragon's body!

[You accept the thunder calamity tempering body, your potential is fully stimulated, and your bloodline begins to metamorphose]

As the reminder emerged, Lin Long felt his body gradually becoming tougher, and the shattered scales on his body gradually peeled off, and beneath them, scales containing blue thunder gradually grew.

"Brother, look quickly!"

Nuwa below saw Lin Long's anomaly for the first time.

At this moment, Fuxi was also staring closely at the blue scales that gradually grew on Lin Long's body.

This scale is extremely tough, full of thunder, and the thunder dragon bombarded it, it can no longer cause any damage!

"Roar--"

With a high-pitched dragon cry, Lin Long shook his body, completely shaking off the scorched black dragon scales on his body!

Those new scales containing thunder are dazzling!

The most important thing is that Lin Long's dragon claws have completely transformed from the previous four claws to five claws!

"Five-clawed green dragon! Brother Lin's dragon claws have transformed, and his potential has also transformed!"

Even though Nuwa and Fuxi are not dragons, they still know what the number of dragon claws of the dragons represent.

This represents the bloodline and potential of a dragon!

The five-clawed dragon body is already of the same bloodline as the ancestor dragon!

But in fact, Lin Long's potential is much higher than Zu Long's!

Although Zulong is tyrannical, he can only reach the state of Hunyuan Golden Immortal with the help of the luck of the dragon clan!

That is, the quasi-sage strength in the prehistoric way of heaven!

And Lin Long, when he experienced the blessings of the Great Dao, he had already been promoted to the potential of Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian!

Now that he has transformed into a dragon body, his potential has increased to an unknown level!

Inspire the potential, purify the blood!

The thunder that hurt Lin Long horribly before hit him now, but it was like scratching an itch.

Looking at the remaining Thunder Dragon, Lin Long suddenly opened his dragon's mouth, and a tyrannical devouring force directly swallowed the Thunder Dragon into his stomach!

"What is he doing?!"

Seeing this astonishing move, Nu Wa opened her mouth wide in surprise, with an expression of disbelief.

And Fuxi also looked shocked, is this trying to risk his life?

The thunder dragon's bombardment on the body is enough, if it is swallowed into the stomach now, if it explodes in the body, wouldn't it be dead immediately?

However, what they were worried about did not happen.

After Lin Long's body twisted a few times, he gradually calmed down.

[You have devoured the power of thunder calamity, and the comprehension of the law of thunder has increased by 10%]

[You have devoured the power of thunder and calamity, and comprehended supernatural powers: the five thunders rectify the law]

[You comprehend the catastrophe and comprehend the supernatural power: travel clouds and rain]

A series of prompts appeared, and Lin Long's body, which was hundreds of feet long, gradually shrank and turned into a human form.

The aura around him also successfully broke through to the late stage of Da Luo Jinxian!

"Brother Lin!"

Seeing that Lin Long was fine, Nuwa finally couldn't bear it anymore, rushed up and plunged into Lin Long's arms, feeling terrified.

Fuxi also flew over and said with a sour face, "Brother Lin, congratulations."

As for what is sour and what is congratulatory, only Fuxi knows.

"Hehe, this breakthrough is really a fluke, let's go back to the dojo for now."

Lin Long didn't care about the change in Nuwa's attitude, nor did he notice Fuxi's sour expression. At this moment, he was immersed in the joy of breaking through.


The three of them returned to the dojo and sat in front of the stone table. Nu Wa was lying on the table with her chin resting on her hands, and she looked at Lin Long with her small face motionless.

"Brother Lin, you are actually a Dragon Clan..."

Hearing this, Lin Long nodded and said with a smile: "I didn't want to reveal this matter..."

"Why? Didn't you say that the current dragon clan is very strong in the wild?"

Nu Wa said: "Besides, Brother Lin, with your current bloodline and potential, you are the highest among the Dragon Clan. Once the Dragon Clan finds out, your status will probably not be inferior to the Zulong. You are so majestic!"

Listening to Nu Wa's words, Lin Long shook his head and said, "What's the use of prestige, the three clans today are just showing off their prestige for a while!"

"Today's dragon, phoenix and unicorn clans seem to rule the prehistoric world and have infinite glory, but in fact they are the way to death!"

"Besides, most of the Dragon Clan are too paranoid to persuade them, so I can only play it safe."

What he said was not false, no matter what he said, he was also a dragon in this life.

If it is convenient and does not harm his own interests or there are benefits to be gained, he is still very willing to rescue.

It's a pity that under the influence of the Zulong, the dragon people's hearts are full of thoughts of dominating the wild, and no one can stop this trend.

Therefore, Lin Long naturally didn't want to have too much involvement with it.

After hearing this, Fuxi and the two also understood why Lin Long had never revealed his real body before, nor had he ever talked about his origin.

"Brother Lin is right. The three clans have already committed too many murders in the battle for the front. This account will be liquidated sooner or later!"

Fuxi also agrees with Lin Long's statement and approach, but he is not optimistic: "It's just that, Brother Lin, you are a dragon clan after all, and your blood is so top-notch, so it may not be so easy to break away from the dragon clan and cut off cause and effect. "

"good."

Lin Long nodded and said, "I've already made a plan. After I break through the realm and reach the consummation of Da Luo Jinxian, I will study the law of cause and effect with all my strength, and strive to cut off the cause and effect of the dragon clan. So, you don't have to worry."

Seeing that Lin Long already had a plan in mind, Fu Xi and Fu Xi naturally stopped talking.

But Lin Long suddenly thought of something, and said again: "By the way, I will be leaving in a few days. You brothers and sisters are in Buzhou Mountain, so take care."


		