

Lin Long hid in the void, observing the three fire phoenixes.

It has to be said that the Feng Clan still pays more attention to themselves, so they sent three fire phoenixes of the late Da Luo Jinxian together.

If they made a sudden attack, I might not be sure that I would be able to retreat without any precautions.

Of course, this situation is almost impossible.

Because no matter it is the dragon clan, the phoenix clan, or the unicorn clan, they all have a natural pride. Except for Lin Long, the sixth child who doesn't care about stealing or not, the rest think they are upright and can't do such a thing as a sneak attack. .

And if they don't sneak attack, they are facing Hard Steel or waiting for Lin Long to sneak attack, these three phoenixes have no chance of winning!

However, even though Lin Long is sure that he can win the three phoenixes, safety is still the first priority.

"What if these three guys have any hole cards? I only know that I was successful, but I didn't say whether I was injured or not after the sneak attack."

Lin Long pondered for a moment, then took out a ginseng fruit.

"This ginseng fruit has a strong fruity fragrance, and it wants to nourish the sacred product itself. Even Da Luo Jinxian would not be willing to miss it. As long as one of them finds out, I don't believe they won't take the bait!"

The distance between the three fire phoenixes is not far from each other, but Lin Long decided to launch a sneak attack, and also separated the three fire phoenixes from each other!

In this way, Lin Long would not be afraid to attack one-on-one.

Now the comprehension of the law of time and the law of space is no longer just a beginner, and it is completely possible to pull the three fire phoenixes apart without knowing it.

Then let one of them discover the traces of ginseng fruit, Lin Long didn't believe that they would be willing to share this kind of good thing with others.

Immediately, Lin Long immediately made a move.

The law of space cooperates with the law of time, and without a sound, the three fire phoenixes have been separated by a certain distance.

However, under the application of the law, the three-headed fire phoenix did not notice it at all. In their eyes, he was still beside his companion.

"It's almost there. If you go further, you will reach the boundary of Longevity Mountain."

Lin Long took out the ginseng fruit, looked at the amount that Hongyun gave him, and the corners of his eyes twitched.

"This Hongyun is really real. I stuffed hundreds of ginseng fruits in one brain. I don't know how much Zhen Yuanzi still has in stock. Will Hongyun be killed..."

Afterwards, Lin Long did not continue to think too much, but directly crushed one of them, and with a light touch, a wisp of fruity fragrance from it went along the space and penetrated into the nostrils of one of the fire phoenixes.

The Huofeng's movements obviously paused, and then looked around a few times.

"Third brother, what happened?"

The leader, Huofeng, saw the strange shape of the other Huofeng at a glance, and asked immediately.

"It's okay, you go ahead, I found the smell of a few bugs, go over and deal with them."

The so-called little bugs, all three fire phoenixes understood, were referring to the dragon clan.

Although this place is not full of dragons, there are occasional mixed-blood dragons of the dragons who are active on land.

The three of them, as the strong Jinxians of the Phoenix Clan, have naturally dealt with many similar things.

Therefore, the other two fire phoenixes had no doubts about what this fire phoenix said.

"Okay, go back quickly, remember that business is important."

"Brother, don't worry."

The fire phoenix selected by Lin Long immediately left the team and galloped towards Lin Long.

"Greedy is really easy to kill..."

Lin Long sneered, then disappeared, and set up some illusions where the ginseng fruit was, as well as a large formation covering the sky!

But after a while, the fire phoenix had already arrived at the location of the ginseng fruit.

The ginseng fruit in the illusion is not placed on the ground, but on the fruit tree.

Seeing the scent of ginseng fruits hanging all over the tree, the fire phoenix's eyes widened, and even his breathing became short of breath.

"Here, there is such a treasure here..."

The fire phoenix lost its phoenix form, turned into a human form and walked quickly to the tree.

Immediately, he stretched out his hand to test one of the fruits, and after confirming that the fruit was real, ecstasy appeared on his face!

"Hahahaha, good! It's really great, this trip is not in vain!"

The fruit he touched was naturally what Lin Long was willing to let him touch by using the illusion.

It can be said that among the fruits of this tree, only one is true.

And Lin Long controls the illusion, no matter which fruit the fire phoenix touches, Lin Long can move the truth to it, making him convinced!

While talking, the fire phoenix wanted to go forward and pick the ginseng fruit.

suddenly!

laugh--

A spatial sharp blade slashed across, and the illusion in front of him suddenly changed, completely becoming a small world that was sealed off!

That Huofeng was able to cultivate to Daluo Jinxian, so he was naturally knowledgeable. Dang even sensed the danger and pulled away to escape!

However, Lin Long had made every possible preparation, so how could he allow him to escape?

"Damn it! Who is it! How dare you be so bold to plot against my Phoenix Clan, why don't you get out of here quickly..."

The fire phoenix was completely trapped in this small world, it was so dizzy but unable to escape, it immediately roared angrily.

However, before he finished speaking, Huofeng suddenly opened his eyes wide, staring blankly at a palm that suddenly popped out from his chest!

The palm came from behind, directly piercing through the fire phoenix's chest, holding a heart in the palm.

"You, you are..."

Huofeng turned around with difficulty.

"Hehe, you guys want to kill me, but you don't know me when I'm standing beside you, it's ridiculous."

Lin Long spoke lightly, and at the same time as he spoke, his mana was activated, and the fire phoenix in the realm of Daluo Jinxian was full of blood, following Lin Long's mana, it was gradually devoured.

"You, you are the new Dragon God of the Dragon Clan!"

With blood spitting out of his mouth, the fire phoenix finally came to his senses: "You... worm, the majestic dragon god, unexpectedly attacked! You are shameless! The Phoenix clan will not let you go! I will not die either..."

The Phoenix Clan's vitality is indeed strong, even though the heart was pulled out by Lin Long, they still did not die, there was a flame burning continuously at the wound, as if it was repairing his injury.

"Is it?"

Lin Long smiled slightly, exerted a little force on his palm, and that lively heart was crushed immediately!

"The tenacious vitality of the Feng clan is only worthy of being my nourishment!"

The law of devouring has been slowly devouring the vitality of the fire phoenix according to the mana, and then Lin Long didn't waste it, and directly showed his body, and opened his mouth to swallow the fire phoenix's body.

Mosquito legs are still meat no matter how small they are, so they should not be wasted.

[You devoured the essence and blood of the phoenix, and comprehended the supernatural power of the phoenix clan: the unquenchable fire of karma]

【You have devoured the blood essence of the phoenix and comprehended the law of fire 2%】

Looking at the prompt in his mind, Lin Long nodded with satisfaction: "What an idiot, it seems that I was too careful before, but there is no big mistake in being careful, and the remaining two phoenixes will be next."

It was reasonable for him to kill this fire phoenix with ease.

Originally, he was making a sneak attack, and besides, Huofeng was bewitched by the ginseng fruit. It was natural and normal for him to be killed easily due to mental calculation or unintentional calculation.

As for the remaining two fire phoenixes, it would not be so easy to use the same means to sneak attack.

Sure enough, almost at the moment when Lin Long killed the fire phoenix, the other two fire phoenixes walking together also noticed something abnormal.

"No, the breath of the third child has disappeared!"

The two fire phoenixes came to their senses instantly, and hurried towards the direction where the breath of the other fire phoenix disappeared.

However, as soon as he arrived at the scene, he saw a blue dragon sitting on a huge bluestone, staring at the two fire phoenixes with a different gaze.

"The new Dragon God of the Dragon Clan!"

Seeing this green dragon, the two fire phoenixes still don't understand why the third one was beheaded by him!

"Go! Take revenge for the third child!"

"Behead him, go to Feng Zu to ask for credit!"

The two fire phoenixes made a decisive decision and wanted to attack the green dragon.

However, as soon as the mana was mentioned, one of the fire phoenix suddenly stared blankly and spurted blood wildly.

Above his chest, a fist-sized hollow loomed.

And behind it, a figure was holding a beating heart in his hands, and he squeezed it hard!

"You guys are too careless."

This person is Lin Long.

As he spoke, the figure of the green dragon entrenched on the bluestone slowly disappeared.

"Illusion! The majestic Dragon God actually used a sneak attack method!"

The last phoenix looked gloomy and stared at Lin Long.

But Lin Long didn't have time to pay attention to him, instead he pulled Huofeng's body and swallowed it with his mouth open.


		