

"Kunpeng! Save my life! I can give you what you want!"

Mosquito Taoist kept yelling in the water, obviously, he also knew that his speed in the water must not be as fast as Lin Long.

It was inevitable that he would be slaughtered by Lin Long before he found Kunpeng, Taoist Mosquito didn't care too much, and just yelled loudly.

"I said how could Kunpeng be persuaded by Taoist Mosquito, because Taoist Mosquito has something Kunpeng wants in his hand."

Lin Long heard Taoist Mosquito's words at this time, and then realized that what Taoist Mosquito said in the reminder moved Kunpeng, but he actually moved him with profit.

It's just that I don't know what it is that can move Kunpeng's heart.

Now Lin Long thought for a moment, and then slowed down a little, intending to see what treasures Taoist Mosquito could produce.

In the depths of the North Sea, in the demon master's palace, Kunpeng, who was sitting cross-legged on a futon and meditating in the main hall, suddenly opened his eyes, and a trace of doubt flashed across his face.

"Daoist Mosquito? Why did he come to Beihai? No, someone is chasing him!"

Kunpeng released his consciousness and immediately felt Lin Long's presence.

"Hmph, this Mosquito Taoist really lived and returned, and he was chased by a dragon clan in the late stage of Da Luo Jinxian to look like this."

Kunpeng is also a prehistoric alien species, and his realm is also in the late stage of Da Luo Jinxian. Although he is just entering the late stage, in the water, relying on the advantage of the geographical advantage, there are really few opponents.

Even the direct heirs of Zulong would give Kunpeng a bit of a face when they saw Kunpeng.

At the same time, Kunpeng has also attracted some of the Shui tribe in the North Sea. Now that Emperor Jun has not yet appeared, Honghuang does not have the concept of a demon clan, so Kunpeng naturally does not have the name of a demon master, but this does not prevent his mighty power.

"The Mosquito Taoist said he was willing to give me what I was thinking about. Isn't that the blood mosquito needle?"

"Although that thing is not a congenital spiritual treasure, it is also a strange treasure. It is so powerful that Daoist Mosquito is willing to do so."

To be honest, Kunpeng was a little moved.

As a strong man in the late stage of Daluo Jinxian, he doesn't even have a spirit treasure in his hands except for the demon master's palace. It's a bit shabby to say it.

In fact, this is no wonder Kunpeng.

In the barren land of the North Sea, if it is a spiritual fruit and spiritual root, it can be found, but the treasure of chance, Kunpeng has been searching for many years and has never seen it.

In the prehistoric wilderness, the world that had been almost robbed by the beasts before was reopened. Later, the three clans fought fiercely, and Kunpeng didn't dare to wander around at all.

This also resulted in him not having a usable treasure in his hand.

And a few days ago, I happened to see Taoist Mosquito wandering above the North Sea, using his rare blood mosquito needle to continuously suck the blood of living beings.

The blood mosquito needle was extremely powerful. Although Kunpeng was not injured by the blood mosquito needle, he still felt threatened.

The two fought a battle. Although Kunpeng in the late stage of Da Luo Jinxian realm could defeat Mosquito Taoist, he couldn't defeat him.

But in exchange for the rest of the spiritual roots and fruit, the mosquito Taoist naturally refused.

Unexpectedly, the opportunity came today.

As long as Taoist Mosquito can be saved, the blood mosquito needle can be obtained!

Thinking of this, Kunpeng's mind couldn't help but come alive.

He didn't know that Taoist Mosquito's blood mosquito needle had already been tried on Lin Long, but Lin Long's law of devouring and deriving Yang Yuan was a hundred times more domineering than the blood mosquito needle, and it didn't work at all.

In order to protect himself, Taoist Mosquito had no choice but to ask him for help.

In Kunpeng's eyes, Lin Long is just a slightly more tyrannical dragon clan. On his own territory, if he wants to subdue him, it is absolutely easy for him.

No matter how bad it is, there is still no problem in saving Taoist Mosquito's life.

The greedy Kunpeng never imagined that he would be unable to kill Mosquito Taoist, but Mosquito Taoist was forced by Lin Long to escape...

However, Kunpeng, whose mind was full of blood mosquito needles, couldn't think of this, and immediately stopped hesitating, and disappeared into the palace in a flash.

When he reappeared, he was already standing beside Taoist Mosquito.

"Stop! Where did the wild dragon come from, and dare to come to my territory to act wild!"

"Retreat quickly, otherwise, don't blame me for being rude!"

Seeing Kunpeng's appearance, Lin Long also looked him up and down.

This Kunpeng was dressed in a long black robe, with long and narrow eyes, horizontal lines on his face, and a sinister look.

On his body, the aura of Daluo Jinxian's later stage is also faintly revealed, which arouses the surrounding water to continuously turbulent.

Obviously, Kunpeng's comprehension of the law of water has reached an extremely advanced level.

If it is a monk who is also in the late stage of Daluo Jinxian, there are really few people in the water who are Kunpeng's opponents.

It's a pity that Lin Long is obviously not on this list.

Seeing Kunpeng blocking the way, Lin Long was not in a hurry, but instead asked: "Kunpeng, you are in Beihai, and you are under the jurisdiction of the Dragon Clan, and now you want to meddle in my affairs?"

Hearing Lin Long speak, Taoist Mosquito became anxious.

Beihai is naturally also under the jurisdiction of the Dragon Clan. If Kunpeng was afraid of the Dragon Clan, wouldn't he be asking for his own death today to deliver goods to his door for nothing?

"Fellow Taoist Kunpeng, be careful, this dragon clan is very powerful!"

Although he turned to Kunpeng for help, he kept his eyes open and only said that Lin Long was very powerful, but he did not reveal that Lin Long was the Dragon God of the Dragon Clan.

After all, the only one who can save him right now is Kunpeng.

Kunpeng is not afraid of the general dragon clan, but he is afraid of the high-level dragon clan. If Kunpeng knows Lin Long's identity and abandons him, then he will really die today.

And as long as Kunpeng made a move, it would be impossible to stop.

This is tantamount to forcibly pulling Kunpeng to his side, blocking Kunpeng's escape route!

Standing not far away, Lin Long felt amused when he heard Taoist Mosquito's words, but he didn't expose it, and he had his own plans.

Whether it is Kunpeng or Taoist Mosquito, they are all alien species with good aptitude.

Needless to say, Kunpeng, the demon masters of the demon clan in the future, after the death of Di Jun and other great powers, and the birth of saints, Kunpeng, who mastered the Hetu Luoshu and Zhou Tian Xingdou array, basically became the top group of saints powerful.

Even Zhen Yuanzi, the ancestor of the Earth Immortal, was slightly inferior.

After all, if Zhen Yuanzi could really defeat Kunpeng, he would have avenged Hongyun long ago, and he wouldn't have been delayed until Journey to the West without hearing from him.

Besides, Daoist Mosquito had a brilliant record. In the future, under the eyes of the saint, he forcibly sucked the golden lotus of merit to the third rank.

Later, he easily killed Tongtian's disciple Guiling Holy Mother in the Ten Thousand Immortals Formation.

My current identity is becoming more and more sensitive. I don't know how many pairs of eyes are staring at me. It is difficult to find some geniuses and treasures. If I refine these two guys into my puppet clones.

Let them do whatever they want in the future.

In this way, I don't have to worry about any karma, and I can even make plans when the Lich's calamity and the Conferred God's calamity are in the future.

Thinking of this, Lin Long made up his mind.

The eyes he looked at Kunpeng and Taoist Mosquito were no longer as dull as before, but with some appreciation.

It seems to be looking at two handicrafts.

Daoist Mosquito and Kunpeng, who looked at each other with such eyes, felt a chill down their backs.

"Daoist Mosquito, if I save you, the bloody mosquito needle will belong to me. Is this true?"

In the end, it is the interests that touch people's hearts, and Kunpeng is not afraid of ordinary dragons, so it is better to confirm the truth of what Taoist Mosquito said before speaking.

Taoist Mosquito saw something interesting, and immediately said: "Really, as long as you can save me, the blood mosquito needle will be yours from now on. If you don't believe me, I can swear the Taoist oath!"

This guy is going all out, his life is about to die, what's the use of keeping the treasure?

Immediately, without waiting for Kunpeng's reaction, Taoist Mosquito directly swore an oath of Dao, if Kunpeng really saved him, he would give him a bloody mosquito needle as a gift, if he broke his promise, he would be punished by Dao!

"Okay! That being the case, I will save your life today!"

Kunpeng shouted violently, and countless water flows on the bottom of the sea turned into sharp knives, wrapped in a strong law of water, and swept towards Lin Long.

This attack would be absolutely difficult for ordinary Da Luo Jinxian monks in the late stage to resist. In addition, Kunpeng made a sneak attack, obviously thinking that one blow would kill him.

This kind of sneak attack method is really worthy of his appearance.

Seeing this, Lin Long didn't panic at all.

"Hehe, Kunpeng, if you dare to attack the Dragon Clan in Beihai, are you not afraid of the wrath of the Dragon Clan?"

Hearing this, Kunpeng couldn't help but sneered: "Stop talking nonsense! I have killed quite a few dragons in the water. I will protect this Mosquito Taoist today. If you want to get out, do it as soon as possible. If not, today is your day of death!"

While speaking, Kunpeng's attack was already approaching, and a sneer appeared on Lin Long's face.

"Idiots who don't know much, really think that killing a few miscellaneous dragons will make them the king of the North Sea? Today I will show you the true strength of our dragon clan in the water!"

Suddenly, a dragon whistle came from Lin Long's mouth.

Just the agitation of the sound completely dispersed all Kunpeng's attacks!

After the water wave dissipated, in front of Kunpeng and Taoist Mosquito, a huge cyan dragon stretching tens of thousands of feet stretched across the front!

On this green dragon's body, patches of cyan dragon scales shone brightly, with a metallic luster.

The sharp dragon claws are like sharp blades, and the cold light keeps flickering.

one!

two!

three!

Four!

five!

Seeing Lin Long's body, Kunpeng's expression instantly became frightened and angry, and the first sentence in the prehistoric world, the quintessence of later generations, blurted out: "I am a fool! Daoist Mosquito, you are fucking me!"


		