

Looking at the departing Yingyin and Zhunti, Lin Long's mouth curled into a smile.

He already had a plan in mind to win over these two guys, at least he had to use it.

But it was actually Lin Long who deliberately blackmailed the two of them!

With the personalities of these two, if you want to use them, you must suppress them first!

They are so desperate that they are exhausted!

You must know that Nuwa has killed three corpses in a row, the strongest under the saint.

Sanqing also chopped off a corpse respectively.

A large part of the great powers in Zixiao Palace, those who possessed the innate spirit treasures, all had their corpses cut off, and the rest were those who were not talented enough to beheaded corpses for the time being.

But this kind of person can be said to have no shortage of innate spirit treasures.

With the exception of Yingying Zhunti, he couldn't get a single spirit treasure out.

The state is enough to kill the corpse, but there is no spirit treasure, this feeling is absolutely uncomfortable.

Sanqing is a proud person, so he didn't like Zhunti and Jieying at first, and when he saw Zhunti and Jieying again, he found that the other party was Da Luo Jinxian with perfect cultivation, and he would inevitably be ridiculed.

As for Hongjun, if he didn't want to take advantage of the West's introduction and acceptance, he would not even accept them as disciples, and naturally he would not be able to take the initiative to bestow the treasure.

The important thing is that there is no time to bestow the treasure.

When Jieyin and Zhunti discovered that all the great powers in the prehistoric world had successfully beheaded their corpses one after another, and even saints began to be born, and before they could beheaded their corpses, it was naturally time to reach a dead end.

At that time, I will give the spirit treasure and promise to help them completely restore the Western spirit vein in the future, so I am not afraid that the two guys will not take the bait.

Although the two have been beaten by Lin Long several times, according to their personalities, once they benefit, they will definitely not mind coming to join Lin Long.

At the same time, the small world of the Wu Clan.

In the Pangu Great Hall, the Twelve Ancestral Witches... Oh no, it should be the Thirteen Ancestral Witches.

These male Houyi have successfully broken through to the middle stage of Daluo Jinxian. With the help of the blood essence of the twelve ancestor witches and the law of Lin Long's power, they have successfully transformed into the body of the ancestor witches, and naturally they are also eligible to have their own seats in the Pangu Hall.

Excluding the top seat that belonged exclusively to the witch god, Di Jiang sat at the forefront.

It's just that their brows are also slightly frowned at this moment.

"This time Zixiao Palace listened to the Tao, so I will go too."

"Hongjun passed down the method of quasi-sage, and we, the witch clan, cannot practice it at all."

"The cultivation method given to me by Lord Wushen, refining the body, can at most allow me to reach the consummation of the Primordial Golden Immortal. It's okay now, but once a creature becomes a saint, the situation in the prehistoric world will completely change. The witch clan has no saints, so they are passive."

Right now, the thirteen ancestral witches are most troubled by this.

Lord Sorcerer God is indeed powerful, but under the command of Lord Sorcerer God, there are not only witches!

As a prehistoric clan, the Wu clan also wanted saints in their own race, at least they had to have a chance to become saints.

After all, after seeing the power of the saint, the prehistoric creatures have already realized a problem, that is, if they don't prove the Tao and become holy, everything is just a cloud!

No matter how powerful the race is, when facing a saint, it is just a castle in the air, and it will collapse at the touch of a touch.

Although the Wu clan moved into the small world, the small world is not a secret in the eyes of the saints.

So, they have to plan ahead.

The thirteen ancestral witches in the hall naturally understood this truth, but unfortunately, they understood it, but they still couldn't do anything about it.

At this time, Hou Yi, who was sitting at the bottom, suddenly said tentatively: "I can't think of a way, why don't you ask Master? Master can improve the blood and feet of our witch clan, maybe with my witch clan practicing The way to reach the realm of saints."

It was no secret that he was apprenticed to Lin Long. Everyone naturally knew that the master he spoke of was Lord Wushen.

Zhu Rong immediately nodded and said: "I agree with Houyi Zuwu's statement. This matter is not something we can figure out. It is wise to ask the witch god for help."

"Well, yes, the witch god will definitely not abandon me or ignore me!"

"Okay, let Hou Yi talk about this matter."

"Houyi is a disciple of Lord Wushen, so it is appropriate to talk about this matter."

Soon, a group of ancestor witches decided to turn to Lin Long for help.

Hou Yi nodded, and took the matter directly to himself: "Okay, let me talk about this matter!"

The consciousness avatar that Lin Long left in the Pangu Hall of the Witch Clan back then has long been taken back. Now if he wants to find Lin Long, he has to go to the North Sea and find the Dragon God Realm.

But as Lin Long's disciple, Hou Yi naturally had the means to contact Lin Long.


At this moment, Lin Long is taking Nuwa to wander around the prehistoric land like a young couple on their honeymoon, taking Nuwa to understand his state of mind, and to integrate the three corpses into one as soon as possible, so that he can go further.

However, at the next moment, Lin Long suddenly had a whim.

"Huh? Is this kid Hou Yi calling me?"

His mind shifted, and in a single thought, Lin Long's consciousness penetrated the world, and he had already realized the matter of the Wu Clan in his heart.

Knowing the cause and effect, Lin Long shook his head and said with a smile, "This kid will really take care of me."

"However, this kid reminded me that besides the saints supported by Hongjun, there are also saints in the Wu Clan."

The ancestor of the witch tribe, the queen of the witch, has transformed into the six realms of reincarnation and mastered the tunnels. He is also in the realm of a saint.

It's just that unlike Nuwa and others, Houtu is a true saint, and he is the only true saint.

Houtu itself is also a very powerful fighting force, and drawing him to his side is of great help to him.

He has no doubts about Houtu's loyalty and Houtu's position, but this matter still needs to be carefully planned.

Lin Long didn't want Houtu to become a puppet saint who could only be trapped in the tunnel like the records in his previous life.

This situation was most likely planned by Hongjun's sixth son.

Even if he is an authentic saint, how could he just stay in the tunnel and not come out? What kind of saint is he? He is simply a prisoner.

The ability of a sage to guard the six realms is not easy.

Lin Long guessed that this matter was most likely due to Hongjun's desire to limit his uncontrollable power.

After all, the tunnel itself is not under the Dao of Heaven.

Even in terms of status, Houtu can be on an equal footing with Hongjun.

How could Yi Hongjun's personality allow such an existence.

It's just that the birth of authenticity is also the inevitable result of the perfection of the prehistoric world, and Hongjun can't stop it if he wants to improve his strength.

So he could only think of a way to trap Houtu.

"What happened to Brother Lin? What's the matter?"

Seeing that Lin Long didn't move suddenly, Nuwa who was walking aside asked curiously.

Lin Long nodded, and said, "It's really something, by the way, you haven't been to the small world of the Wu Clan, have you?"

Hearing this, Nuwa shook her head: "I just heard about it, but I have never been there."

"Just to take you there today to have a look."

With a wave of Lin Long's sleeve robe, he and Nu Wa turned into a breeze, and disappeared in an instant.

In the small world of the Wu Clan, thirteen ancestor witches are kneeling down to a statue and making prayers.

"Houyi, are you sure that Lord Wushen can sense it when we do this?"

Seeing that the statue had not moved for a long time, the upright Zhu Rong scratched his head and asked Hou Yi.

A trace of embarrassment flashed across Hou Yi's face.

"It should be effective, Master will not lie to me."

As soon as Hou Yi finished speaking, Lin Long's figure slowly appeared in front of them, and Nuwa was standing beside him.

Seeing that Lin Long really appeared, the ancestor witches did not dare to slack off in the slightest, and hastily bowed down to Lin Long again.

"Greetings, Lord Sorcerer God."

Lin Long waved his hand: "Okay, get up, I already know what you are asking for."

"It's true that the Wu Clan can't use ordinary methods to prove the Tao and become holy, but there should be a saint in the Wu Clan's life."

As he spoke, Lin Long slowly set his eyes on Houtu, the ancestor witch: "Houtu, you have the power of the earth and Qianyuan, and you have a mission. I will give you advice later. Can go further."

Hearing this, all the ancestor witches were overjoyed, and hurriedly said: "Thank you, Lord Wushen!"

The next thing is much simpler.

Lin Long told Hou Tu that if he wanted to prove the Tao and become a saint, he must first reach the perfect state of quasi-sage, and he must not be contaminated with karma, let alone rely on the merits of heaven to become a saint.

It is understandable that Houtu transformed into the six realms and led to the authentic way, thereby becoming a saint and gaining the merits of the heavenly way. After all, the authentic world is to make up for the prehistoric world.

But it should not be sanctified by virtue.

This is invisibly lowering one's own grade.

Of the three ways of proving the way, the way of proving the way with strength is the strongest, followed by the way of proving the way with three corpses, and only the way of proving the way with merit is the worst!

After all, the master of the tunnel itself has to rely on the merits of heaven to be sanctified. It is no wonder that this is not rejected by the tunnel.

In the original flood, Hongjun must have induced Houtu to prove the Tao with merit!

But now, with Lin Long's existence, it is absolutely impossible for this kind of thing to happen.


		