

"Not strong, but enough to protect our clan!"

Lin Long's words were full of gunpowder, and he looked at Hongjun with extremely provocative eyes.

Anyone can feel that Lin Long is full of hostility towards Hongjun.

If an ordinary creature dared to speak to Hongjun like this, Hongjun might have just slapped it.

But now, he hesitated.

The patriarch of the Dragon Clan and the remaining members of the Dragon Clan watched helplessly. Lin Long brought them hope. If he did something to Lin Long himself, the Dragon Clan would definitely not sit idly by!

And this is exactly what Lin Long planned.

First use words to support the Dragon Clan so that they stand on the same front as him, so that Hongjun will not be able to manipulate them.

After all, behind the tribal war, not only Luo Hu, but also Hongjun.

Watching the blood of the three tribes flow into a river, he didn't mean to remind him at all, but instead worked with Luo Hu to improve his own strength.

But in the end, all the karma was put on the three clans.

In truth, Luo Hu is considered a real villain.

And Hongjun is a hypocrite!

"Fellow Daoist, do you think that the old Daoist's scaremongering and persecution of the three clans will not work?"

Hongjun's thoughts changed sharply, and he said: "The three clans have been slaughtered for many years, and no one can influence them in the prehistoric world. What fellow Taoists say..."

However, before he could finish his sentence, Lin Long directly and rudely interrupted him: "Fellow Daoist Hongjun has a noble status, but we will solve the matters of the three clans by ourselves, so we don't need to worry about fellow Daoist Hongjun."

At such a time, Lin Long would not back down in the slightest.

Because he had already predicted it accurately, Hongjun dared not do anything!

And the patriarchs of the three clans on the side also understood now.

Lin Long represented the Dragon Clan, and he was on a par with Hongjun!

But thinking about it carefully, this Hongjun's appearance was abrupt, he didn't come sooner or later, but he didn't come out until after the decisive battle between the three clans.

Moreover, he still followed Luo Hu.

Besides, in comparison now, Lin Long is one of the three clans, so they are naturally more willing to trust Lin Long.

"Qingmu Dragon God, if necessary, I can help you!"

Zu Long stood behind Lin Long, staring at Hong Jun solemnly.

When he moved, Hongjun felt bad.

Zu Long and Lin Long stood together, Hong Jun was not sure that he could suppress it.

Besides, Yuanfeng and Shi Qilin seem to be watching a show, but once they really do it, they will be convinced of what the Qingmu Dragon God said, and they have other plans, so they will definitely not sit idly by.

"This matter is determined by God, do you want to go against the sky?"

Hongjun narrowed his eyes and asked.

With the support of the Dragon Clan, Lin Long naturally has more confidence in his heart, and everything is moving in the direction he deduced: "It's all up to you to decide? As a Dragon Clan, I will never sit idly by. In this matter, I advise you to leave quickly, so as not to be taken advantage of by others."

Saying this, it is natural to have an allusion.

Hongjun also knew that Lin Long was referring to Luo Hu, so he frowned and said after a while, "If this matter is left to the fellow Taoist, how will the fellow Taoist solve it?"

If he can say this, it proves that he has given in.

And Lin Long's goal was naturally achieved.

According to the deduction, at this point, it is Hongjun's bottom line. If he continues to press, this old guy will turn his face immediately.

The old thing has a lot of hole cards, Lin Long fought tens of thousands of times in the deduction, but none of them succeeded.

Of course, in these tens of thousands of deductions, Lin Long did not die, at most he escaped with serious injuries.

"In my opinion, the patriarchs of the three clans, just as fellow Taoists said, use themselves to suppress the prehistoric karma, which cannot be undone by immeasurable calamities. As for the three clansmen, the Phoenix clan and the Qilin clan, I can't take care of them, but the dragon clan, we I will set up a place for them and fade out of the prehistoric vision, as long as the prehistoric creatures don't take the initiative to trouble my dragon clan, my dragon people will not conflict with them!"

"As for the four seas are my Dragon Clan's territory, my Dragon Clan will send some people to guard them, and at the same time, they will be able to bring wind and rain to the prehistoric world, which can also be regarded as eliminating karma."

"But the potential and cultivation of the dragon clan must not be blocked. This is the bottom line of my dragon clan!"

Having said that, Lin Long turned his head to look at Zu Long, and asked, "What does Zu Long think?"

Compared with Hongjun's method, Lin Long's method is to put a greater cause and effect on the patriarchs of the three clans, so as to protect the clansmen.

After all, there is no way to quibble about the killings caused by the three clans, and someone must bear these karma.

The patriarchs of the three clans have come to an end, suppressing karma until immeasurable kalpas, which can be said to be eternal torture.

However, the Zulong really only wanted to be for the Dragon Clan, so he agreed without hesitation.

"I agree! As long as we can leave a glimmer of life for our dragon clan, even if the body dies and the true spirit disappears, I will not hesitate!"

Listening to these two people deciding the fate of the Dragon Clan, Yuanfeng and Shi Qilin's eyes lit up immediately.

Although the final outcome is that the patriarchs of the three clans cannot suppress the karma, but they can leave life for the clan, which is much better than Hongjun's proposal!

However, the only problem is that among the Feng Clan and the Qilin Clan, there is no such tyrannical high-level executive as Lin Long who can talk to Hong Jun.

Moreover, in the previous battle, most of the masters of the two clans fell, and the rest could not make any waves in the wild.

And Lin Long is obviously the biggest threat to the two races!

What worries them is that after this incident, if Lin Long resents the Phoenix and Qilin clans in his heart, those two clans still cannot escape the fate of extermination!

Fengzu Yuanfeng and Shi Qilin looked at each other, and a thought suddenly rose in their hearts.

"I, Yuanfeng, would like to lead the Phoenix Clan to surrender to the Cyanwood Dragon God. The genius and treasure of the Phoenix Clan will be taken by the Dragon God. I only want to leave the last chance for our Phoenix Clan!"

Yuan Feng knelt on the ground with a plop, and at the same time, cut off the luck of the Phoenix clan from the Lingtai with both hands, and handed it to Lin Long for disposal.

This is the greatest sincerity she can think of. If Lin Long does not ask for protection, then the Feng Clan will suffer catastrophe!

Shi Qilin on the side also followed suit: "I do the same!"

Seeing the two of them kneeling on the ground holding their family's luck in both hands, Lin Long's heart skipped a beat.

Unexpectedly, there was a surprise.

Although the three clans have come to an end, they are relative after all. A lean camel is bigger than a horse. Even though the luck of the three clans has been squandered by the patriarchs of the three clans, it still condenses the luck of the whole clan after all.

Adding all this luck to one person, the energy is not small.

However, Lin Long couldn't cut off the cause and effect with the Dragon Clan, and he also realized another usage of luck, so he came forward to save the Dragon Clan.

But now, the luck of the Feng Clan and the Qilin Clan is at your fingertips, why doesn't this surprise Lin Long?

But he also knew that once he accepted these luck, he would have to protect the other two races, at least to leave them with a chance of survival.

Otherwise, luck will also eat back against oneself.

And he has already found a place for the dragon clan in his heart, even if there are more phoenix and qilin clans now, it's okay.

The only problem is...

"I'm fine, but it depends on what fellow Daoist Hongjun has to say."

Hongjun frowned at this moment into a Sichuan shape, what should I say, what else can I say? The three clans are all standing behind you, what dare I say?

No matter how powerful he is, he would not dare to offend the crowd. No matter what, the three clans were the overlords of heaven and earth in the past. The broken ship still had three thousand nails.

But when the situation turned into this, even though Hongjun was unwilling, he could only accept it.

"Since that's the case, this matter will be handled by the Cyanwood Dragon God. If something goes wrong, don't blame the ruthless heaven!"

After saying a harsh word, Hongjun put away his whisk, turned and left.

Seeing his appearance, Lin Long couldn't help curling his lips, the old man really regarded himself as the spokesperson of Daoism.

"The matter is over, and this catastrophe is also doomed. It is not bad to have such a result."

Seeing Hongjun leave, Lin Long said to the patriarchs of the three clans.

The Zulong nodded, sighed, stepped forward and handed over the luck of the Dragon Clan to Lin Long, and asked, "Qingmu, have you thought about where to settle?"

"Um."

Lin Long nodded, and with a wave of his hand, he released the Sanxian Island that had been nourished in the Chaos Orb.

Today's Sanxian Island is quite different from the past. Not only is the land vast, but there are also countless spiritual flowers and spiritual grasses on it.

Compared with the environment in the wild, it is not bad at all.

"These three fairy islands are cultivated by myself, and it is not a problem for the three races to survive."

Lin Long said: "But I will put my ugly words up front. Since the three of you have decided to hand over the three clans to my management, then the grievances and grievances of the three clans will end here. When we arrive at Sanxian Island, I don't want to see any more disputes!"

"If you want to obtain my asylum and the qualification to enter Sanxian Island, you must make a great oath. Past disputes will be written off. If there is any trouble, the foundation will be destroyed!"

As the biggest beneficiary of the Long Han Tribulation, he didn't want his back garden to catch fire.


		