

escape!

must escape!

Taoist Mosquito's true spirit was gone, and only his body remained in Lin Long's hands, so Kunpeng couldn't care less.

There is only one thought in his mind now!

Kunpeng was originally very good at speed, but now he was fleeing desperately, like a streamer, he was away from Lin Long in an instant.

However, Lin Long was not in a hurry, instead he took his time to put Taoist Mosquito's body away.

"Okay, luckily the Cyanwood Dragon God supported him and didn't chase after him..."

Kunpeng glimpsed Lin Long from the corner of his eye, and was secretly glad in his heart.

But the next moment——

boom!

The rejoicing in his heart hadn't disappeared, so he bumped his head against a golden barrier, and his head was bleeding instantly!

"what!"

Caught off guard, the pain caused Kunpeng, who was in the later stage of Da Luo Jinxian, to scream, and immediately changed direction without caring about the injury on his head.

boom!

boom!

boom!

Changed several directions one after another, hitting harder each time!

After Lin Long put away Taoist Mosquito's body, he didn't intend to talk nonsense with Kunpeng, so he just dodged in front of Kunpeng, and sacrificed the Sanguang Shenshui with lightning speed.

Seeing the deadly Sanguang Shenshui reappear, Kunpeng finally couldn't hold back any longer and collapsed completely!

thump!

Kunpeng turned into a human form and knelt down in front of Lin Long with a plop.

"My lord Dragon God, I have blind eyes. If I attack you, please spare my life. I am willing to be a slave or a servant, but I just ask you to spare my life!"

Lin Long looked at Kunpeng who was kneeling in front of him indifferently.

Lin Long's analysis of this guy's personality is similar to the rumors of later generations through his recent contact.

Vicious and vicious, timid and fearful, and rebellious by nature.

In layman's terms, it is born with a rebellious bone, which can be called a white-eyed wolf who is not familiar with it!

Dijun's kind of emperor who could lead the entire demon clan ended up in a miserable end because he trusted Kunpeng.

If he accepts Kunpeng, it will be equivalent to leaving a time bomb around him.

Lin Long, who has always pursued stability, has no habit of burying nails around him.

The hands kept moving, and the Sanguang Shenshui had already turned into a water net, heading towards Kunpeng with a hood.

Beads of sweat rolled down Kunpeng's forehead. Seeing that Lin Long was not moved by him, he quickly said again: "Wait a minute, Lord Dragon God, there are many geniuses and treasures in Beihai that only I know. If I die, These things are wasted, if you are worried, I have a way to sign a master-servant contract with you!"

At this point, survival is the most important thing.

And after seeing Lin Long's strength, Kunpeng didn't have the slightest desire to resist.

After all, you only have one chance to survive!

So what if he sneakily attacked Lin Long? Let's not talk about whether he can succeed, let's take ten thousand steps back and say that he launched a sneak attack and succeeded, but he has already tried it just now, and he can't get out of this formation at all!

I don't know when Dragon God arranged this formation!

Hearing the master-servant contract, the movements of Lin Long's hands stopped for a moment.

I have to say that Lin Long was interested in what Kunpeng said.

Isn't the reason why I refined Kunpeng and Mosquito Taoist into puppet clones so that they can help me find treasures?

However, Kunpeng's words are not very credible.

In view of this guy's personality and Lin Long's lack of contract supernatural powers, once this old boy turns his back on the water, even the lucky Di Jun won't be able to handle it...

Lin Long, who takes prudence as his criterion, naturally cannot be easily persuaded by this.

"Give you a chance to say something to prove what you said."

As soon as Lin Long finished speaking, Kunpeng breathed a sigh of relief.

Since Dragon God is willing to listen to his words, it means that there is a chance.

"Lord Dragon God, this is a method I obtained by accident. It can bind two creatures into a master-servant relationship. The servant cannot betray the master no matter what. As long as Lord Dragon God is willing to spare my life, I am willing to sign this contract." Contract, for adults to drive."

As he spoke, Kunpeng drew out a wisp of his divine sense and handed it to Lin Long.

At this time, his attitude was extremely humble, and he was afraid that Lin Long would kill himself if he was unhappy.

As for the loss of freedom after signing the contract, as long as he can live, Kunpeng has naturally thought of a way out.

But Lin Long looked at Kunpeng who was kneeling on the ground holding his divine sense, but he didn't reach out to pick it up.

[You used your magical powers to know the future, and received the divine sense from Kunpeng, which was indeed a master-servant contract method. Unfortunately, you found that this method was somewhat incomplete. After Kunpeng was free, he immediately destroyed the contract and fled.]

[You used your supernatural powers to know the future, received the spiritual thoughts from Kunpeng, and after careful comprehension, you actually realized the contract of supernatural powers, completely cutting off Kunpeng's thoughts]

"This old boy really didn't have any good thoughts."

Lin Long smiled lightly and took the wisp of divine thought. After careful perception, sure enough, the prompt appeared immediately.

[You practiced the incomplete master-servant contract, realized it in your heart, and successfully comprehended the supernatural power contract]

Dao contract, the person who is contracted, has no possibility of breaking away from the contract, and serves the person who made the contract all his life!

The life and death of the contracted person is only a matter of thought.

Because of the restriction of the Dao, the contractor cannot do anything against you, or do things that are not good for you, and any thoughts that are not good for you will be forcibly obliterated by the contract!

This is the way!

"Since you are so sincere, I will accept you as a servant and sign this contract."

Lin Long waved out a divine pattern, hanging in front of Kunpeng.

Kunpeng was overjoyed, and without hesitation, he took out a piece of his own consciousness on top of the divine pattern without hesitation, and merged it into the divine pattern.

However, the next moment, Kunpeng's face changed suddenly!

"No, this is not the contract I gave you!"

As soon as the contract was fused, he already noticed something was wrong!

However, Lin Long smiled coldly, and said, "I didn't say to use the contract you gave me? Don't worry, I keep my word. If you sign this contract, you will live."

As the voice fell, the contract had completely merged with Kunpeng's primordial spirit.

At this time, Kunpeng's face was blushing for a while, but finally he sighed helplessly, and slowly lowered his head.

"Old slave Kunpeng, I have seen my master, and I should not have played tricks with him before, please punish me."

It has to be said that this old boy is very knowledgeable about current affairs, seeing that the contract has been completed, even if he wants to go back on his words, he has no chance.

After the contract was signed, Lin Long could also sense what Kunpeng was thinking, and understood the authenticity of every word he said, and whether there was any concealment.

The effect of this Dao contract is really good. Under the perception, Lin Long also understands that Kunpeng has completely accepted his fate now, and he really respects his orders in his heart.

"As expected of the Great Dao Contract! Alright, get up."

Lin Long said lightly: "In front of outsiders, just call me fellow daoist, and don't reveal the relationship between you and me."

After finishing speaking, Lin Long withdrew the Three Immortals Floating Life Formation, pondered for a moment and said: "Also, I want to refine the body of Taoist Mosquito. I need a quiet place. Find a clean place in your demon master's palace. Don't disturb me." , and this matter is not allowed to be disclosed.”

"Yes."

Kunpeng immediately nodded yes, not daring to disagree in the slightest.

Immediately, he led Lin Long to the demon master's palace.

This Kunpeng's Demon Master's Palace is not much different from the Dragon Clan's Crystal Palace, but there are similarities in the same way but the same effect.

"Master, this old slave is refining and building it after imitating the Dragon Clan Crystal Palace, but it lacks a trace of dragon spirit, so please make it up to the master."

When there is someone, he calls out to be a fellow daoist, and when there is no one, he naturally calls out to be the master. Kunpeng can clearly understand this point.

"Well, it's okay. Anyway, I won't show up here. Arrange a place. I'll call you if I need something."

"Yes."


		