

"You are the way of heaven, there is always something like Hongmeng Ziqi, right? Take out ten or eight, and I promise to beat Hongjun like a grandson!"

Following Lin Long's words, Tiandao fell silent.

Rao Tiandao has no feelings, but he is speechless at the moment.

Listen, what is this called? Hongmeng Ziqi, return ten or eight!

It's too bad that heaven is ruthless, and won't be angry, otherwise, I'm afraid it will directly send down thunder and strike this bastard to death!

"Although I am the way of heaven, I can't produce so much primordial purple energy."

Hearing this, Lin Long couldn't help curling his lips: "Then what are you talking about? Even if I can help you deal with Hongjun, you also know that this matter is not easy. With such a big risk, I can't do it for nothing, right?"

"I can give you a ray of primordial purple energy."

The voice of Heavenly Dao sounded again: "Once Hongjun devours Heavenly Dao, it will be of no benefit to all living beings in the wild. Although you are already a Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian and are not under the jurisdiction of Heavenly Dao, you still cannot escape."

As the voice of Tiandao fell, Lin Long also nodded.

The so-called Dao of Heaven is ruthless, so naturally I don't know how to bargain. Since I am willing to give myself a ray of purple energy, it must be the maximum benefit that Dao of Heaven can offer.

Thinking of this, Lin Long couldn't help cursing secretly, it seems that the rest of the primordial purple energy produced by Tiandao was taken away by that old thing Hongjun.

However, although the conditions given by Tiandao were far from what he thought, Lin Long didn't mind.

Because even if there is no benefit from heaven, Lin Long still has to deal with Hongjun.

Now that the Dao of Heaven appeared, giving oneself a ray of majestic purple energy was completely regarded as a windfall.

Even if you don't use it yourself, you can give it to others.

Wouldn't it be a huge help for him to have one more loyal saint under his command?

Hearing Lin Long's promise, Tian Dao's tone remained unchanged, and he said coldly: "Hongjun is outside the prehistoric world at this moment, and cannot interfere with me. Before he comes back, Tian Dao will be perfect, and there will be no possibility of being swallowed up again. .”

He was reminding Lin Long what to do.

The way of heaven is complete, that is, the rules of the way of heaven must be completed.

The Dao is three thousand, the Dao of Heaven is fifty!

But obviously, the Dao of Heaven at this moment is not enough to count fifty.

Moreover, in the prehistoric times, humanity and authenticity have not yet awakened.

Only when the three realms manifest together and govern the prehistoric world together can the whole prehistoric world be considered truly perfect.

That is to say, Lin Long needs to draw out both the human way and the authentic way, and perfect the heavenly way before Hongjun can react.

This task is really not generally difficult.

But this is the only way to completely suppress Hongjun.

And this method is a double-edged sword!

Because the way of humanity and authenticity that he elicited by himself is in line with the operation of the way of heaven, didn't Hongjun also want to lead out the way of humanity and authenticity before?

In this way, there will be a risk of Hongjun's cultivation base improving!

However, Lin Long had no choice.

All he can do is to draw chestnuts out of the fire!

Before Hongjun came back, all of this was done, so that Hongjun had no time to react, so he completed the way of heaven. In this way, at most, Hongjun could only join the way, but not devour the way of heaven!

It is equivalent to what I did myself, to strangle Hongjun's development potential to death!

But once Hongjun came back early, then he might become a wedding dress for Hongjun!

I have to say, this is a slanted move!

If it succeeds, Hongjun will be restricted!

If he fails, he will work hard to make a wedding dress for Hongjun!

It's not that Lin Long didn't suspect that this was a game set up by Tiandao and Hongjun for him, but with his current strength, it was too simple to find out if this was true.

Because his cultivation had surpassed Hongjun's line, it was natural to find out that Hongjun was really not in the prehistoric world at this time.

And the way of heaven is weak, and it is indeed in a state of being swallowed.


Through this deal with Tiandao, Lin Long knew that Hongjun had been forced by himself to give up.

Even the original fusion of heaven was forced to change its strategy and become devouring heaven.

In contrast, there are risks in devouring Heavenly Dao, but the benefits are obviously greater.

I can't wait anymore, I must hurry, otherwise once Hongjun returns, Tiandao will fall into a deep sleep again, and I will become troublesome.

"Okay, I will deal with this matter, and hand over the Primordial Purple Qi to me!"

Lin Long immediately agreed to Tiandao, and then, in the eyes of Tiandao surrounded by luck and virtue in the sky, a mysterious aura exuding purple rhyme, which seemed to be real, slowly fell into Lin Long's hands.

This thing is the foundation of enlightenment, the majestic purple energy!

The primordial purple air fell, and the vision of heaven also dissipated.

"Brother Lin, what is this?"

Nu Wa looked curiously at Lin Long and the Primordial Purple Qi in Lin Long's hands.

The communication between Lin Long and Tiandao just now was all in consciousness, and Nu Wa naturally didn't hear it.

In Nuwa's eyes, she only saw Lin Long enlightened, and then there was a strange phenomenon in the world, and finally a strange aura descended.

"I've been all over the prehistoric world, but I've never seen this thing. Brother Lin, what is this?"

Between the heaven and the earth, she has seen evil spirits, spiritual energy, and meritorious spirits before, but this is the first time she has seen such a strange purple charm.

And she can be sure that not only herself, but even the rest of the prehistoric creatures have never seen this thing before!

On top of this breath, she felt the breath of heaven, and at the same time, there was a strong rhyme of the great way!

Don't think about it, this thing is also a baby!

"This thing, called Primordial Purple Qi, is a unique product of Heaven!"

But Lin Long looked at the Primordial Purple Qi in his hand, and used the two supernatural powers of Knowing the Future and Reshaping the Dao to deduce it. After confirming that there was no problem with the things, he was relieved.

"As for the function of this thing, it is very simple. It is the foundation of proving the Tao and becoming a saint. Only with the primordial purple energy can one become a sage of heaven. It is quasi-sage and consummation, but it is impossible to prove the Tao and become a saint!"

There was a slight smile on the corner of Lin Long's mouth.

Before that, I was still thinking, if there was a problem with the Hongmeng Ziqi that Hongjun bestowed on Nuwa, how would I solve it?

But he didn't expect that before he could think of a way, Tiandao sent him a ray of primordial purple energy that was not a problem.

With a wisp of Hongmeng Ziqi in hand, Nuwa's sanctification will be in danger of being suppressed by Hongjun, so naturally there is no need to worry.

Moreover, with Nuwa's correct ray of primordial purple qi template, Lin Long would naturally be able to know about any problems with the primordial purple qi bestowed by other sages after Hongjun supported him, and he would take precautions against them.

"Primordial purple energy?! The foundation of proving the way?!"

Nuwa opened her mouth wide in surprise, her eyes full of disbelief.

Why did Brother Lin suddenly realize the primordial purple energy?

"Yes, it is this thing."

Lin Long lightly tossed the primordial purple qi in his hand, and immediately, the primordial purple qi floated towards Nuwa.

"This is yours."

As soon as these words came out, Nuwa's beautiful eyes widened immediately, and she was even more flattered: "Ah? Brother Lin, this, this is too precious, I can't have..."

This is the foundation of sanctification, Brother Lin unexpectedly gave it to himself without the slightest hesitation.

Aside from the panic, Nuwa was still a little happy in her heart, her little face was slightly flushed, and her heart was tied tightly to Lin Long's body and she couldn't break free.

"This thing was originally prepared for you. I did not take the path of the three corpses proving the Tao and becoming a sage of heaven. This majestic purple energy is useless to me."

Lin Long shook his head, and forcefully stuffed the primordial purple energy into Nuwa's body: "With this ray of primordial purple energy, you won't be tricked by Hongjun in the future."

After a lot of tossing, Nuwa's pretty face flushed, and the deer thumped in her heart.


Kunlun Mountain, Sanqing Daochang.

At this time, the Sanqing gathered here, and none of them practiced in seclusion.

"Brother, when I saw you in Zixiao Palace, you seemed to want to cut off the second corpse, do you have any clues now?"

Yuan Shi looked at Lao Tzu and asked.

And Lao Tzu didn't speak, but frowned slightly.

Ever since he came back from Zixiao Palace, Yuan Shi asked himself this question from time to time.

Why didn't he understand that Yuan Shi was unwilling!

The three of my brothers have always regarded themselves as authentic Pangu in the wild, and firmly believe that their talents are not weaker than anyone else!

But in the Zixiao Palace, Nuwa beheaded the three corpses one after another, completely trampling Sanqing's pride under her feet.

Yuan Shi, who has always been the most respectful of face, knows that by himself, there must be no way to regain this face, so he only needs to put his hope on Lao Tzu, who is slightly more talented than him.

However, this is nothing more than self-deception.

If Lao Tzu can beat Nu Wa, then it will be Lao Tzu who is famous in Zixiao Palace, not Nu Wa.

Seeing that Lao Tzu didn't speak, Yuan Shi also sighed in his heart, and then fell silent, his brows were full of unwillingness.

"Could it be that the three of my brothers are about to be suppressed by that Nuwa?"

The three brothers were relatively silent.

However, at this moment, a voice suddenly sounded in the minds of the three brothers.

"You are Pan Gu's authentic sect and my disciples, so there should be a good fortune!"

"This jade jade contains my understanding of the way of heaven, which can help you practice, and it can also be used to kill corpses. I give it to you today, and I hope you can practice well!"

The voice suddenly sounded, and the eyes of the three brothers suddenly widened, and then their eyes lit up.

Naturally, they could tell that this voice was none other than Daozu Hongjun!

Immediately, a stream of light flashed across the void and landed in front of the three of them.

"It's Master! Master is helping us practice!"

Yuan Shi tried to touch the jade that flew from the void with his hand, and his body shook suddenly!

He only felt that the three corpses that he hadn't understood before became extremely clear at this moment!

"This thing can really help us cut off the three corpses! We are waiting, thank you, Master!"

Yuan Shi suddenly knelt down in the direction of the void where Yu Jue flew from.

That old man has always been quiet, and now he is very excited. Obviously, the incident of Zixiao Palace Nuwa beheading three corpses has had a great impact on him. Now that he has Hongjun's Yujue, he is naturally happy.

Only Tongtian, when he was happy, frowned slightly: "Just now, when the master transmitted the sound, it seemed that he was not in the prehistoric wilderness? And the direction from which this jade flew was also in the void. Could it be that the master is at this moment ..."

What he muttered was not noticed by the excited Lao Tzu and Yuan Shi.

Outside the chaos, Hongjun closed his eyes, his breath fluctuating.

"Nuwa and Lin Long are too close to believe it. Sanqing's cultivation must catch up as soon as possible. With my help, although there is suspicion of spoiling the seedlings, but at this time, I don't care so much. This time, Sanqing Qing's cultivation will definitely surpass Nuwa in one fell swoop!"

The abacus in Hongjun's heart was pounding.

At the same time, on the land of Hongjun, Lin Long brought Nuwa to the coast of the four seas.

Both parties are intensively making their own arrangements.


		