

Compared with Guang Chengzi's choice of directly obtaining magic power, Yun Xiao chose another path.

If the human race wants to achieve development, it must be done by the human race. After all, the magical powers she practiced are all divine powers. Interfering with human affairs by means of heaven will only be counterproductive.

Apparently, Guang Chengzi didn't realize this, he only saw his hand twitch, and immediately, one after another wild animals flew into the tribe from outside the mountains, and fell directly to the ground, even their wings were shattered Bound by mana.

Seeing this situation, all the people knelt down and kowtowed to Guang Chengzi.

"Thank you, Shangxian, for giving me food for the human race!"

There was a burst of cheers in the tribe.

Yunxiao left here silently, and returned to the residence Fuxi arranged for him.

While at the dinner party, Fuxi frowned and said nothing.

After the dinner was over, with the cheers of the crowd and Guang Chengzi's complacency, Fuxi frowned, and instead of going to his own residence, he came to Yunxiao.

Nowadays, most of the human race still live in trees or simple caves.

When Fuxi arrived in front of the cave, Yunxiao had already noticed Fuxi.

"Patriarch, why didn't you go celebrate with them? Come to me instead?"

Yun Xiao asked with a smile.

That Fuxi sighed, and said: "Old man, haven't you rested yet?"

Nowadays, there is no etiquette of seniority in the human race, let alone seniority.

Even though Fuxi respected Yunxiao in his heart, he could only respectfully call him an old man.

Yunxiao smiled, looked at Fuxi, there was a bit of depth in those slightly cloudy eyes.

"There are too many things to do today, and I can't sleep right now."

Fuxi nodded, went into the cave and sat beside a bluestone.

"Is there something on the patriarch's mind?"

Yunxiao asked, Fuxi nodded, thought for a moment, and then slowly said: "I think it may not be a good thing for this immortal to come to our tribe."

"Oh?"

Hearing what Fu Xi said, Yun Xiao asked with interest: "Why did the patriarch say that? That's a fairy, and you have seen all the tricks just now."

She neither agreed nor denied Fuxi's statement, but just asked Fuxi's opinion like a spectator.

Fuxi stared blankly at the outside of the cave, and said in a muffled voice, "I saw the eyes of the clansmen when they saw the prey at the dinner just now. It was a kind of excitement and desire."

"Immortals have their own methods, but if our human race wants to develop for a long time, we must have our own way of survival."

"This kind of immortal way is not suitable for the human race. If things go on like this, if the people of the clan think that they can survive by worshiping immortals and gods, I am afraid that there will be big problems."

"Taking a step back, what should my human race do if this fairy leaves one day?"

Fuxi looked at the starry sky outside the cave, as if speaking to Yunxiao, or talking to himself.

Yun Xiao on the side had a slight smile on his face.

As expected of the emperor of the human race in the future, he thinks long-term, and his thinking is much sharper than that of ordinary human races, and he can see the problem at a glance.

But just now Fuxi still said a little less, that is, when those clansmen looked at Guang Chengzi, their eyes were not only eager and excited, but also greedy.

The temptation to get something for nothing is great.

Before Guang Chengzi knew it, he had already been contaminated with karma.

The key is that this karma is not small.

Now the catastrophe of the Three Emperors and Five Emperors has not yet passed, and the prehistoric humanity will not carry out liquidation, so Guang Chengzi does not know the karma he has been contaminated with.

But when Fuxi proves the Tao and becomes the emperor of the human race, karma and karma will be liquidated.

At that time, everything will naturally come to an end.

"How does the patriarch think this matter should be done?"

Yun Xiao asked.

When Fuxi heard this, he turned his head and looked at Yunxiao, and said seriously: "Old man, you are the wisest elder in my clan. Now that our human race wants to develop, food is the most critical issue. Now Although my human race can be self-sufficient in daily hunting, the prey is limited after all, and I worry that one day there will be no prey in this place."

"It is said that there are great supernatural powers in the ancestral land of the human race to teach the way of cultivation, but the water far away does not quench the thirst, and no one knows whether the human race in our tribe has the opportunity to come into contact with the magical powers of the ancestral land, so we can only rely on ourselves! "

Yun Xiao smiled, rummaged through the weeds where he was lying, and soon found something.

"I wove this thing out of straw rope. A few days ago, I used this thing to go fishing at the water's edge, and it was much more effective than bare-handed."

"I thought of giving it to you today, but there are too many things today, so I forgot it for a while."

Yunxiao handed the net she wove with straw rope to Fuxi.

Looking at the net, Fuxi's eyes became brighter.

Fuxi got a lot of inspiration from this one net.

Straw ropes can be woven into nets, and rattan can be used to weave fences.

Living beings exist in order.

If those prehistoric beasts could be besieged, the human race would not have to worry about food in the future.

But these still need a little bit.

Yunxiao just gave Fuxi an inspiration, and Fuxi had to explore the rest by himself.

Holding the net given by Yunxiao, Fuxi returned to his residence full of joy.

At this time, although the banquet for the immortals had ended, there were still heated discussions among the clan.

"Today I really saw how the immortals can attract so many prey with a wave of their hands, more than we have been hunting for half a month! I just don't know if the immortals can use such methods to help us in the future."

"Yeah, if we come back every day in the future, then we won't have to go hunting again!"

"Worthy of being a fairy, I will worship every day in the future!"

When Fu Xi heard these people's words, the joy in his heart was instantly replaced by a frown.

It seems that he has to speed up his pace to solve the food problem of the human race.

If this fairy hustles them down like this, this group of people will be wiped out.

The next day, Guang Chengzi woke up from the futon he brought.

It seemed that he was waiting for Fuxi to visit him.

After all, I showed my immortal skills yesterday. As long as I am there, a small human race can expand it a hundred times in less than a year.

However, until noon, Guangchengzi did not wait for Fuxi, the future emperor of the human race.

"What's the matter, isn't Fuxi the emperor of the human race in the future? Why didn't you come to see me, the holy master! Could it be that he overslept?"

Guangchengzi couldn't understand it.

Although he felt a little ashamed, but for his own merit, Guang Chengzi walked out of the cave, found a human race, and asked where Fuxi had gone.

Later, it was learned that Fuxi had brought a group of humans to the riverside early in the morning, as if there was something important to announce.

Guang Chengzi was instantly pissed off.

What a Fuxi, let me such a supernatural being not pay homage, actually ran to the river with the human race!

I want to see what tricks you're up to!

With a gloomy face, Guang Chengzi immediately flew towards the river on a cloud.

With his cloud-riding speed, he naturally came to the small river near the tribe soon.

Afterwards, he saw Fuxi leading a group of people with a net in their hands, continuously lowering the net to catch fish in the river.

Every few nets, you can catch some fat fish.

With a smile on his face, Fuxi dragged the full harvest back to the shore with the rest of the human race, and happened to meet Guang Chengzi.

"I've seen Shangxian, Shangxian rested?"

Hearing Fuxi's greeting, Guang Chengzi nodded perfunctorily, and then looked at the fishing net in Fuxi's hand.

"What are you doing? If it's for survival, I can solve it for you with a wave of my hand. Wouldn't it be a waste of time?"

When he said this, Guang Chengzi raised his head, looking aloof.

When Fuxi heard the words, his face suddenly showed displeasure.

Could this immortal be a fake?


		