

Lin Long's eyes turned cold in an instant, staring at Qinglong and Zhulong in front of him, and asked coldly: "Is this what you mean or the meaning of the whole dragon clan."

Zhulong and Qinglong hesitated for a moment, but still explained.

"Qingmu Dragon God, you are also a dragon clan, shouldn't you be thinking about the interests of the dragon clan?"

"Yes, this is indeed what we mean, but many dragons also agree with this matter."

Lin Long waved his hand, interrupted the two of them, and said decisively: "I don't care who supports you, the rules of Sanxian Island are set by me. I say whoever stays can stay."

"Other than that, I don't want to hear any opinions."

"Also, Sanxian Island is not prehistoric, so don't engage in power struggles for me."

"It's only been a thousand years, and I have forgotten why I came to Sanxian Island to live?"

"If you don't want to stay, get out of Sanxian Island."

Both Qinglong and Zhulong froze in place.

After the two of them reacted, both Zhulong and Qinglong were furious!

"Qingmu Dragon God! What do you mean! Are you going to abandon the entire Dragon Clan!"

"That's right, don't think that we don't know the origin of the Three Immortals Island. This is the Immortal Island in the East China Sea, and it belongs to my Dragon Clan!"

"Today, I must wait for an explanation on this matter!"

Lin Long looked at Qinglong and Zhulong, and smiled angrily.

"Hehe, explain? Well, I can give you an explanation."

Lin Long roared angrily!

"Whoever advocates driving out the Phoenix and Qilin tribes on Sanxian Island, stand up for me directly!"

In an instant, not only the three fairy islands, but even the entire Beihai heard Lin Long's roar.

On Sanxian Island, the three clans were all taken aback.

Especially the Feng Clan and the Lin Clan, when they heard Lin Long's roar, they felt uneasy.

"What's going on, the Cyanwood Dragon God is probably going to kill them all."

"What if he really wants to drive me out?"

Sanxian Island is Lin Long's territory, no one can stop Lin Long from doing what he wants to do.

Once they leave Sanxian Island, the Qilin and Feng clans will be coveted by all the prehistoric clans.

It's a dead end.

The Qilin and Feng clans didn't know what to do for a while.

On the side of the Dragon Clan, several figures stood up.

"Qingmu Dragon God, when you saved the Dragon Clan from danger, the Dragon Clan is grateful to you, but you shouldn't even save the Phoenix Clan and Qilin Clan."

"Today, these two clans must leave Sanxian Island!"

Lin Long followed the sound, and only then did he know what was going on.

Several dragons on the island are elders of the dragons.

Qinglong and Zhulong were most likely also persuaded by these old guys.

These guys haven't woken up from the big dream of the dragon clan unifying the wilderness, and they still think that they are the overlord of the wilderness, and they can't recognize the difference in identity.

Lin Long had an inexplicable look on his face, looked at the elders of the Dragon Clan and sneered, "Hehe, okay, I will definitely give you a satisfactory answer today."

A look of joy flashed in the eyes of several Dragon Clan elders on the island.

"Qingmu Dragon God is still reasonable, this matter goes well, I am willing to recognize you as the patriarch of the Dragon Clan."

One of the elders said to Lin Long.

It's just that when he spoke, the contempt in his eyes had already exposed his true thoughts.

Those in power who are weak-tempered are better able to control.

But the next moment.

boom!

A huge cyan dragon claw protruded from the void, crushing the elder's head instantly.

Blood sprayed like columns.

Lin Long's sudden attack stunned the three clans present.

After a while, the other elders of the Dragon Clan came to their senses and yelled angrily at Lin Long: "Qingmu Dragon God! You are so courageous! The elders of the Dragon Clan dare to kill you! Back then, even Zulong treated me with three points of courtesy. !"

Lin Long sneered, and with a glance, a divine light shot out from the pupil of Dao Dao.

In an instant, the elders of the dragon clan who were still clamoring just now seemed to have been immobilized, with their mouths open, but they couldn't make a sound.

In the next second, the law of space drew a sharp blade across the necks of several elders without hindrance.

The pupil of the Dao retracted, and a bloodstain suddenly appeared on the necks of several dragon elders.

Under the horrified eyes of several dragon elders, the dragon's head fell.

Lin Long stepped forward, revealing his real body.

Compared to a thousand years ago, Lin Long's real body has grown again.

The body length has grown from tens of thousands of feet to millions of feet.

The three fairy islands didn't seem so big in front of Lin Long.

Seeing Lin Long's real body, the three clans present were all shocked.

"This, this real body, is already comparable to the Zulong!"

"What is compared to the ancestor dragon, it has clearly surpassed the ancestor dragon!"

"The body of a real dragon with a million feet, the blood of this Cyanwood Dragon God, is simply terrifying."

The current Lin Long is no longer the Lin Long who just traveled to the wilderness. Years of penance have given him the power to protect himself.

Moreover, these elders of the Dragon Clan even came to kidnap me morally, how can I bear it?

Yes, Sanxian Island was found in the East China Sea, but to take a step back, he is also a dragon.

Taking a step back, why do you say that what is yours is yours?

A few old guys simply felt that their foundation was unstable, and with the Candle Dragon and Qinglong platforms, they would obey their orders obediently.

Drive the Phoenix and Qilin tribes out of Sanxian Island, and the dragon tribe will spread to the wilderness through Sanxian Island.

Regarding this, Lin Long could only say that these old bastards couldn't be more stupid.

The karma on my body has not been washed away until now, and I still want to fight for hegemony.

It's only a matter of time before the Dragon Clan is handed over to these old guys.

Simply kill them directly, and use these heads to show your prestige.

"From today! Anyone who dares to say that any of the three clans will be expelled from Sanxian Island will end up like these dragon clans!"

"Also, today is the first and last time! If anyone else believes in slander and wants to make trouble, get the hell out of Sanxian Island!"

After Lin Long finished speaking, he looked at Qinglong and Zhulong again.

At this moment, these two were already speechless after being shocked by Lin Long.

"I am the patriarch of the Dragon Clan. This is the appointment of the Ancestral Dragon, and it is not the turn of any Dragon Clan to recognize it!"

"You are also the ministers of the dragon clan. I will not pursue you this time, but next time, I will bear the karma on my own."

Both Candle Dragon and Qinglong trembled from fright!

Carry your own karma?

Doesn't that mean that I have to suppress my karma, and I will not be able to get out unless there is an immeasurable calamity.

It's worse than killing them.

Facing the mighty Lin Long, Qinglong and Zhulong didn't dare to be as presumptuous as before, and hurriedly knelt down to salute, expressing their understanding.

That's when things finally calmed down.

On Sanxian Island, the way the Phoenix and Qilin tribes looked at Lin Long also changed.

This Dragon God is really not only partial to the Dragon Clan.

At least in this Sanxian Island, I can live with peace of mind.

Lin Long waved Sanxian Island into the Chaos Orb.

Along with the three tribes on Sanxian Island.

Just when Lin Long wanted to go back to Sanxian Island to have a look.

But his eyes suddenly turned to the west, and Lin Long frowned again.

"Hehe, there are quite a lot of acquaintances today, don't you think so, Luo Hu."


		