

"Hehe, there are quite a lot of acquaintances today, don't you think so, Luo Hu."

Lin Long looked at the figure who was rushing towards him, and said lightly.

The figure moved from far to near, and it took a moment to arrive at Lin Long's side.

Looking at Lin Long, the man laughed and said, "Hehe, Lin Long, I didn't expect you to remember me, long time no see."

The person who came was none other than Demon Ancestor Luohu.

Hearing this, Lin Long couldn't help rolling his eyes.

How could he forget this guy, after all, he has been wary of this guy all the time.

When dealing with Luo Hu and Hong Jun, the two eldest sons, Lin Long felt that he should be more cautious at all times.

Looking at Luo Hu in front of him, Lin Long didn't bother to talk nonsense, and said straight to the point: "Luo Hu, you and I are not friends. You suddenly came to me. What's the matter? Just tell me."

With strength, Lin Long also has a lot of confidence.

The current Lin Long, facing guys like Luo Hu and Hong Jun, is not an opponent, but if he wants to run, he can still do it.

After all, I have enough cards.

Seeing Lin Long's impatient look, Luo Hu was not annoyed, and smiled and said, "Qingmu Dragon God, why are you so divided? Counting, you and I have met three times."

Lin Long's heart skipped a beat!

the third time!

Luo Hu's words were not wrong, but the problem was, the first time he should have avoided him in the dark, how did he know.

If this is the case, Luo Hu should know that he is the one who took away the fragments of the fortune jade plate, not Hongjun!

Then every time he sees Hongjun, he has to bring up this matter, making it clear that he wants to label Hongjun as a treasure hunter!

Damn it, these dog things are indeed all sixth children!

Before Lin Long could ask, Luo Hu said with a smile, "Don't be surprised by the Cyanwood Dragon God. To be honest, none of the creatures in the prehistoric world really care about Luo Hu, but you, the Cyanwood Dragon God, are different."

"I can see that your potential is not comparable to those innate creatures."

"Even Hongjun and I are no higher than you. It is only a matter of time before you catch up with us with your cultivation level."

"So, I'm going to talk to you about cooperation."

Lin Long remained calm.

"Cooperation?"

"That's right, it's cooperation. You and I will join hands to deal with Hongjun. As long as Hongjun is destroyed, I can hand over the entire prehistoric world to you."

Lin Long looked at Luo Hui and couldn't help rolling his eyes: "Luo Hui, do you think I'm a three-year-old child?"

This is so meow, it's clearly a pit.

If someone gives you huge benefits without hesitation, there are only two possibilities.

First, your strength is strong enough.

Second, he had no intention of fulfilling his promise at all.

Obviously, Lin Long's strength is still inferior to Luo Hu's.

Help him and defeat Hongjun. Why doesn't this bastard turn his gun and hit me immediately?

Besides, you and Hongjun broke the Western Spiritual Meridian, what level is that?

Don't get the benefits by then, and be cannon fodder first.

Now that he has the Chaos Orb in his hand, he has opened up a small world outside the wilderness, and his strength is not weak.

Next, as long as you practice step by step, relying on your own potential, it is only a matter of time to cultivate to the Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian. When the time comes, the sky will be big and the earth will be big, and you will not be able to go anywhere, so why bother to go into this muddy water?

Faced with Lin Long's question, Luo Hu laughed.

"Hehe, I know what you are worried about. You think too much. Although the prehistoric world is good, it is far worse than the whole chaos. As long as I can defeat Hongjun, with the help of prehistoric, I am confident that I can create a world of my own." Why live under Pangu?"

Rahu's ambition has never been small, and he never hides it.

This is also the difference between him and Hongjun. Hongjun wants to take Honghuang as his own.

And Luo Hu wanted to use the Great Desolation as a springboard for his further progress.

It's hard to say who is good and who is bad, but both are dangerous.

Luo Hu looked at Lin Long with a smile on his face, and explained again: "Hongjun and I are just fighting for orthodoxy, as long as you join hands with me, I will pass on orthodoxy, and I will never interfere in other matters."

The atmosphere became quiet for a while.

Lin Long was not hesitating whether to cooperate with Luo Hu or not.

Cooperation is definitely impossible.

After all, Luo Hu is a doomed loser, and his strength has improved a lot, but he is not arrogant enough to think that he can change the course of the prehistoric times.

Lin Long was thinking how he could refuse the other party without making a move.

I have just settled the Dragon Clan, and I haven't had time to seal off the small world. If Luo Hu finds out that the children of the three clans are in front of Luo Hu, they will be like ants.

The previous efforts were in vain, and the Chaos Orb might be discovered.

Seeing that Lin Long didn't reply for a long time, Luo Hu's patience seemed to disappear little by little. After a while, he asked again: "Why, Qingmu Dragon God, not everyone in this seat will promise such a good thing."

Lin Long couldn't hear it, what he meant was to warn himself not to be ignorant of flattery.

"Old man, do you want to do it here?"

Lin Long's eyes gradually became dignified, and he was constantly using magical powers secretly to deduce the future.

The atmosphere in the air became anxious, and electric arcs kept flickering between the two, and the space became distorted under the strong pressure.

Just at this critical moment.

Suddenly, a breath swept across the place where Lin Long and Luo Hu were.

The movements on Luo Hu's body froze, and then withdrew his momentum.

"Hehe, it seems that Cyanwood Dragon God really has a lot of guests to entertain today."

"Hongjun, since you've come out, don't hide around."

Lin Long breathed a sigh of relief.

Hongjun's arrival this time can be regarded as solving a difficult problem for himself.

As long as these two guys are present at the same time, it is impossible for him to answer.

Neither of the two parties dared to push themselves too hard. Once they pushed themselves to the opposite side, it would be extremely detrimental to either of them.

As soon as Luo Hu's voice fell, the figure of Hong Jun, who was wearing a Taoist robe and holding a dust whisk, approached from far and near from the horizon, and in the blink of an eye, he arrived at the sides of Lin Long and Luo Hu.

"Qingmu Dragon God, don't come here without any problems. I haven't seen you in a thousand years. The Dragon God has improved in cultivation. He is truly a genius. It is not an exaggeration to say that he is the number one living creature in the wild."

As soon as they met, Hongjun flattered Lin Long first.

Lin Long just nodded and didn't reply.

The relationship between myself and this old guy is also not much better.

I ruined Hongjun's good deeds before, if I had the chance, it would be strange not to take revenge on myself with this old guy's character.

The reason why he didn't do anything was not because of Luo Hu's pressure.

Sure enough, as soon as Hongjun finished speaking, Luo Hu snorted coldly and glanced at him with disdain.

"Hmph, Hongjun, I haven't seen you in a thousand years, but you have a lot of skill in your mouth. Today I have something to talk to the Cyanwood Dragon God. What do you mean by sneaking around here?"

Hongjun was not annoyed either, and said with a smile on his face, "Hehe, the old Taoist and the Dragon God are also involved. Since they are here, there is no reason to leave. You can talk to the Dragon God first. It's not too late for the old man to say it."

He made it clear that he just wanted to watch from the sidelines. Didn't you, Luo Hu, plan to join forces with me? Then I'll just watch here and see how you discuss it.


		