

"What? Brother Lin, you want to go?"

Hearing Lin Long's words, Nu Wa suddenly panicked.

On the other hand, Fu Xi's expression moved slightly: "Yes, Brother Lin, but what's wrong with my brother and sister?"

Lin Long shook his head: "No, there is no such thing as poor hospitality. Lin has benefited a lot from being with his brothers and sisters in Buzhou Mountain, but I feel that if I continue to stay here, my realm will no longer be improved. .”

"There is a catastrophe in the world, and the dragon clan is the first to bear the brunt. No matter how I dodge it, I will be implicated if I can't cut off the cause and effect. Therefore, I must find another breakthrough and try to cut off the cause and effect as soon as possible."

"The catastrophe will be over in the future, and I will come to find you again. Let's sit and talk, and have a good time."

In fact, the moment Lin Long's bloodline transformed after he broke through, he knew what he was lacking all along.

My own laws and supernatural powers are enough, and my cultivation base is also supplemented by the Great Way of Good Fortune, but my physical body is ultimately a shortcoming.

The most urgent task at the moment is to temper one's physical body. Once the strength of one's physical body increases, one can proceed to break through to Daluo Jinxian's consummation.

At that time, I can truly be regarded as the upper class of the prehistoric.

When Nuwa and Fuxi heard what Lin Long said, even though they felt reluctant, they knew they couldn't stop them, so they just sighed and said, "Well, Brother Lin has karma to settle, so we won't force you to stay. .”

"When the matter is over, you must come back! If you encounter any trouble, let us know, we will definitely not stand by!"

After getting along for so long, Nuwa and Fuxi have already regarded Lin Long as the closest person.

Lin Long also nodded when he heard the words. Although he used the two brothers and sisters as gunmen to bear the cause and effect for himself, but after getting along for so long, people are not grass and trees, how can they be ruthless? In his heart, he also regarded the two brothers and sisters as close people.

"Something's wrong! Damn it, I almost broke my heart."

Lin Long's heart suddenly moved, it shouldn't be! I originally planned not to be contaminated by karma, but now if I have fetters with their brother and sister, in the future Nuwa will become a saint and Fuxi will be reincarnated, can I still get out of it?

"No, you can't do such a thing in the future, you must cut off contact with the brothers and sisters as soon as possible!"

Lin Long said: "Since that's the case, I will leave in a few days."


Soon, Lin Long recuperated for a few days, and after stabilizing his state, he planned to leave.

Nuwa Fuxi also went out to see them off.

"There is no need to send it away, we will meet again in the future!"

Lin Long waved his hand, turned into a gust of breeze, and disappeared in front of the two brothers and sisters.

Nu Wa looked at the direction where Lin Long disappeared with a look of reluctance: "Brother, do you think it will be dangerous for Brother Lin to go here?"

"Don't worry, I have already made a divination for Brother Lin, there is no danger!"

Fuxi said: "It's you, you can't miss the practice, we will meet again at that time, if you are blamed by Brother Lin, don't blame me for not helping you!"

When Nu Wa heard this, she immediately pursed her lips, and said unconvinced: "Hmph, I will be able to break through to the late stage of Da Luo in a while, so that Brother Lin won't say me!"

After finishing speaking, he flicked his ponytails, turned around and went back to the dojo for retreat.

Only Fuxi was left with a helpless wry smile.

"My sister, it looks like I'm really going to lose her."


But Lin Long flew away, but he didn't go far away. Instead, he started another matter.

Before getting the congenital gourd vine more than a hundred years ago, a soul traced it back to him by the art of karma.

Originally, Lin Long also thought that the other party had cultivated the law of karma, but when he cut off the law of karma, he observed it with the pupil of the great way, but found that it was not the case.

The reason why the opponent can deduce it all depends on a treasure!

Fortune jade dish!

When the good fortune jade plate opened the sky in Pangu, it could not bear the pressure of the opening of the sky, so it turned into twenty-four pieces.

The piece in the creature's hand was the first piece that Lin Long encountered.

The man was innocent and conceived the crime. When Lin Long saw that the creature was only a mere golden immortal, he planned to forcibly seize the fragment of the good fortune jade plate.

However, when he deduced it with the magical power of knowing the future, he suddenly discovered that the creature actually put the fragments of the jade plate of good fortune in the altar to warm up.

And the reminder in my mind also told me that the fragments of the good luck jade plate collapsed due to the coercion of the heavens and the earth, and many of the Dao laws contained in it were also incomplete.

Only by storing it in the Lingtai to warm up, can there be a chance to restore the law of the Dao.

Therefore, Lin Long waited for more than a hundred years, staring at the creature with the pupil of the Dao.

After all, it's much better to keep the leeks to help you with things than to take the lead in snatching them all the time and then put them in the altar to warm them up all the time.

As for what happened to the lucky jade plate, Lin Long wasn't worried at all.

Because for more than a hundred years, Lin Long's pupil of the Dao has been staying on that creature, so he was worried about any accidents.

And now, it is time for the remnants of the good fortune jade plate to be warmed up successfully!

It was also time for Lin Long to pick the fruit!

[You used your supernatural powers to know the future, followed the direction observed by the pupil of the avenue, and found the dojo under a cliff three million miles away. The fragments of the good luck jade plate have been warmed successfully, and the law of the great way contained in it has been perfected]

[You used your supernatural powers to know the future, snatched the jade plate of good fortune from that creature, and cut off its cause and effect, you succeeded]

After deducing it with his supernatural powers, Lin Long set off immediately and flew north without wasting any time.

The realm has been raised to the late stage of Da Luo Jinxian, even if he doesn't use the laws of supernatural powers, Lin Long can reach three million miles in just a moment.

Without the slightest surprise, he easily found the creature's cave.

That creature is only in the realm of the Golden Immortal. For more than a hundred years, he has only cared about nurturing the jade plate of good fortune, and his cultivation level has not improved.

But with his realm, the array arranged in front of Lin Long was almost easy to grasp, and it was easily broken, and the creatures inside were not even disturbed.

It wasn't until the creature saw Lin Long that it realized that the ashram had been invaded!

"You, who are you? Why did you break into my dojo!"

The creature looked at Lin Long with an ominous premonition in his heart.

"You don't have to know who I am!"

Lin Long didn't talk nonsense at all, he didn't want the matter to be defeated by too much talk, and immediately pointed like a sword, directly piercing the brow of this creature!

The next moment, two fingers held a piece of purple jade, which came out from between the eyebrows.

And the creature lost its vitality in an instant.

As for Lin Long, he quickly put the fortune jade plate in his hand into the Chaos Orb, and then casually erased the cause and effect of killing this creature.

In the late stage of the Da Luo Jinxian, it is easy to erase a small Jinxian!

However, at the next moment, Lin Long's face changed, and a hint appeared in his mind.

[You get the good fortune jade plate, take it out, the breath leaks, and attracts great power]

"Fortunately, I didn't talk nonsense with this creature!"


		