

It has to be said that under the blueprint drawn by Lin Long, Di Jun also had to admit that he was moved.

You must know that worshiping a sage as a teacher, the sage will definitely preach the word wholeheartedly in order to promote the sect.

A saint's preaching is much better than a monster's self-cultivation in the monster world!

This can be regarded as strengthening the strength of the Yaozu in a disguised form!

Moreover, this matter sounds like a win-win thing.

I choose the disciples of the Yaozu Tianjiao by myself, and help the two saints expand the sect, and the two saints help me teach the clansmen.

If you have luck, everyone will take it together, if you have merit, everyone will earn it together, and the monster clan has also improved its strength!

Isn't this a proper win-win situation?

Most importantly, this matter can have a lot to do with the saint.

Once Yaozu becomes the biggest customer of the two major educational institutions, if something happens to Yaozu in the future, will the two saints not help?

The only problem is... Aoki Dragon God doesn't seem to have a good relationship with San Qing.

Now that he is so enthusiastic, is it really just to help the Yaozu?

This idea flashed by, but Di Jun didn't take it seriously.

However, he didn't mind Lin Long's plans. Anyway, there were only so many monsters, and if they really wanted to harm the monsters, there was no need to resort to any conspiracy.

"Master Dragon God, where are you..."

Hearing Di Jun's words, Lin Long waved his hand and said, "Don't worry about me, I won't delay your Yaozu from going to the Saint Sect to learn from a teacher, and I don't intend to start a sect, just like you, I Just to protect the people under my command!"

"As for the disciples, you must have heard about them from your son-in-law, Hou Yi. He only has a few senior brothers and sisters, so I don't know how to do preaching."

Di Jun nodded, and secretly sighed in his heart.

If possible, of course what he wants most is to send the Yaozu to Lin Long. After all, this master is the number one powerhouse in the prehistoric world, and his level of preaching is definitely not bad.

It's just that Lin Long made it clear that he doesn't preach, so Di Jun can only settle for the next best thing. After all, the two saints Yuanshi Tianzun and Tongtian Jiaozhu are just okay.

Yuanshi Tianzun and Master Tongtian didn't know it, and they had already become a dispensable spare tire without them noticing at all...

"So, His Majesty the Demon Emperor agrees?"

Lin Long laughed.

That Emperor Jun also said with a smile: "Master Dragon God has come to the Yaozu in person, if I refuse, I don't know what is good or bad."

"Haha, good! But some things still have to be said first."

Lin Long said: "For the disciples who are sent to intercept and explain the teaching, remember to choose the ones with good conduct, and don't have those who are not righteous, or you will not be able to control them in the future. This is also for the consideration of the relationship between you and the two saints. "

"Otherwise, if you don't care about the cause and effect, and send all the monster races away in one go, you may not be able to get rid of the responsibility for what will happen to the smog that the two religions will cause in the future."

Hearing this, Di Jun nodded: "Lord Dragon God, don't worry, I will explain this to myself, and all the disciples who will be sent to intercept teaching and explain teaching will be strictly selected!"

Of course, he also knew the magnitude of the cause and effect behind this, so naturally he didn't dare to be careless.

Moreover, benefits are often accompanied by risks. It must not be easy for Lin Long to attach so much importance to this matter.

Therefore, Di Jun felt that he had to find a trustworthy person to arrange the selection of personnel in the future.

Well, Kunpeng seems to be very good. Since Kunpeng surrendered back then, he has been conscientiously performing his duties as a demon master in the demon clan. He has never made any mistakes. He is indeed a reliable man.

Moreover, before sending the clansmen to the Saint Sect, it is completely possible to have an audition in the Yaozu, anyway, the current Yaozu has nothing to do.

Think of it as preschool education.

Di Jun thought to himself, and couldn't help praising his wit.

Afterwards, Lin Long said again: "Besides that, there is one more thing that needs to be paid attention to."

"There must be a lot of souls who go to the Saint Sect to learn from teachers. You can talk to Yuanshi Tianzun and the Master Tongtian first. If you want to join the Saint Sect, you can take a unified test with you. In this way, you can also improve some of your monsters by the way Prestige in the wild!"

"After all, this kind of matter of selecting living beings as apprentices is definitely not suitable for the two saints, Yuanshi Tianzun and Tongtian Jiaozhu, to do it yourself."

Hearing this, Di Jun's eyes lit up.

This idea is absolutely perfect!

How else can you say that the Qingmu Dragon God is the strongest in the prehistoric world? This kind of thinking is vivid!

Fortunately, I was foolishly waiting at home for an opportunity to come to me, but I didn't know that such a big opportunity was ready to go, just waiting for me to catch it, but I didn't notice it at all.

If Lin Long hadn't come to remind him, wouldn't he have missed this opportunity to become famous?

Thinking of this, Di Jun couldn't help but become more respectful towards Lin Long.

And Tai Yi and Kunpeng on the side also subconsciously 'figured out' the joints, and looked at Lin Long with admiration in their eyes.

"Lord Dragon God, don't worry, my monster clan will do my best to handle this matter, and there will be no mistakes!"

Hearing Dijun's earnest promise, Lin Long nodded: "It's best, I told you how to do things, and you can do the rest yourself. The relationship between me and Sanqing is a bit delicate. I also know, so some things are not convenient for me to show up."

"Yes."

Di Jun nodded.

In fact, Lin Long was not worried about the Master Tongtian, but the main concern was the Yuanshi Tianzun.

That Yuanshi Tianzun's eyes are smaller than the tip of a needle, and he was angry with himself several times in a row. If he showed up on this matter, Yuanshi Tianzun might not agree.

Even if he is forcibly persuaded by himself, he will definitely not try his best in the future, and maybe even the monsters will hate him together.

As for knowing that this idea was made by myself in the future, it has nothing to do with me.

After all, by that time, Yuan Shi must have tasted the benefits of luck, and he must be clear about the importance.

And Yuanshi Tianzun didn't want to see the monster clan, but there are not many Tianjiao in the prehistoric world, and Dijun will definitely send the monster clan with extraordinary aptitude this time.

If Yuanshi Tianzun wanted to carry forward the teachings, he would definitely accept the Yaozu.

After all, with Yuanshi Tianzun's temper, it is the most beneficial for him to get luck himself, so he won't care whether your disciple is a monster or not.

As for the leader of the Tongtian sect, there is no need to worry. He is a doctrine of teaching without discrimination, so he is naturally happy to see this matter facilitated.

After Lin Long left, Di Jun told Kunpeng to choose a disciple of the Heavenly Sect, and then he took a gift and went to Kunlun Mountain in person, intending to discuss the matter with Yuanshi Tianzun and Tongtian Sect Master.

Sure enough, after discussing this matter with the two, the Master Tongtian immediately agreed without hesitation.

Because the Tongtian Sect wants to recruit more disciples, it is inevitable that there will be problems in the xinxing level.

As a saint, it is impossible for him to take care of everything.

Therefore, with Dijun screening in front, troubles will be much less in the future, and the Master Tongtian naturally has no reason to refuse.

As for Yuan Shi, his face was not very good-looking.

But he also knew that if he wanted to spread the teachings, he must have disciples.

After ink staining for a long time, he finally agreed.

However, after agreeing to agree, Yuanshi Tianzun still put forward a few requests of his own.

Yuanshi said that Yuanshi Tianzun would naturally teach and solve the disciple's xinxing problem in person. What Dijun has to do is to help him select the disciples with outstanding talents.

Di Jun thought for a while, and after confirming with Yuanshi Tianzun that he would not be contaminated with karma, he agreed.

Because from Lin Long's few words, Di Jun also guessed something, if the disciple's character is not enough, there will inevitably be disasters in the future.

Although he didn't deal with Lin Long often, Di Jun had a clear mind, and he had studied Lin Long's behavior many times when no one was around.

He found that the Lord Dragon God would not aim at nothing, and often made some small reminders, which would basically come true in the future.

That's why he confirmed with Yuan Shi in advance that he would not be infected with karma.

Moreover, Di Jun also wanted to kindly remind Yuanshi, after all, Yuanshi Tianzun is also his future partner.

However, before he opened his mouth to remind, the Yuanshi Tianzun waved his hand and directly finalized the matter with the authority of a saint.

That being the case, Di Jun could only give up.

In the end, after the joint discussion of Kunpeng, Taiyi, Dijun, and the three high-ranking monster clans, it was decided to divide the assessment into two types.

In order to let the creatures who come to sign up and want to join the Saint Sect choose by themselves.

The news quickly spread throughout Honghuang.

"Have you heard? The Saint Sect is about to start recruiting disciples!"

"Who doesn't know about such a big event? I heard that even the demon clan who has been hiding from the world has come forward this time, and is going to help the Saint Sect assess and select disciples!"

"That's right, I've heard the news that the place of selection is the former site of the Yaozu!"

"Then what are you waiting for? I'll go there as soon as possible. If it's too late, I'm afraid that the good things will be taken up by others!"

Countless creatures rushed to the former site of the Yaozu in the wild.

In the prehistoric times, there was also an upsurge of joining the Saint Sect.

At the time when the prehistoric world was full of excitement, among the human race, Lei Ze tribe, a human race accompanied by an innate vision was quietly born.

That Hua Xu's face was pale, lying on his side on the couch, looking at the child he had just conceived.

Naturally, Lin Long was always paying attention to the situation here. At this moment, he had cast an invisibility spell, standing in mid-air, looking through the tribe, looking at the newly born Fuxi.

"That's right, Dao Ji made up for it fairly well, and he doesn't have any strange physical features."

Standing beside Lin Long was naturally the Nuwa saint who cared about Fuxi.

At this moment, Nuwa also looked at Fuxi, who had just been born through the eyes of the law, and frowned slightly: "Brother Lin, did you use some means? Why do I feel that after this reincarnation, my brother's heels are even deeper than mine? You How did you do it?"

Lin Long chuckled, and said casually: "It's nothing, just take a part of the Dao fruit of the divination, combine it with the blood of some innate demon gods, refine it and send it into Fuxi's body."

"what?!"

Nu Wa opened her beautiful eyes wide in surprise, with an expression of disbelief.

This is equivalent to directly refining a quasi-sage with great power and forcing it into Fuxi's body!

Brother Lin is really kind to his elder brother!


		