

"Brother, what are you talking about? This is the best innate spiritual root!"

Hearing Fuxi's words, Nuwa couldn't help opening her eyes wide, and said.

You must know that there is a fixed time limit for the innate spiritual root to mature, and it needs to absorb enough heaven and earth spiritual energy to mature!

Ordinary innate spiritual roots have to be like this, not to mention the gourd vine in front of me is the best innate spiritual root!

The growth cycle of this thing involves time, aura, and even cause and effect!

So, just wait!

However, Fuxi didn't pay attention to Nuwa, but looked at Lin Long instead, as if he had a kind of blind confidence in Lin Long.

Lin Long thought for a moment, then slowly said: "It's not impossible to let this thing mature in advance, but this matter will do me harm but not any benefit!"

Lin Long did have a way to ripen the gourd vine with the best innate spiritual root in advance, but the consumption of this matter on him was also very great!

The law of time accelerates the flow of time!

The law of cause and effect, erase the cause and effect of ripening between yourself and the gourd vine!

Sanguang Shenshui nourishes congenital gourd vines!

Three conditions are indispensable!

Especially the Sanguang Shenshui, this thing can be met but not sought after. Although Lin Long has it, why should I take it out?

As soon as he said this, Fu Xi and the two were just simple and not fools, so they naturally understood what Lin Long meant.

This is asking for benefits!

"Senior, if you really have a way to ripen this congenital gourd, my brother and sister are willing to bear all the karma, and the gourd vine will belong to you, and I will divide the gourd among you four!"

Fuxi had a vague feeling that although the congenital gourd vine was connected to the two brothers and sisters, and it grew on Mount Buzhou.

However, not all the gourds on the vine are related to his siblings!

If they were mature under normal circumstances, it would be fine for the siblings to get one or two, and the rest would definitely be divided among other creatures.

But now, I take the initiative to bear the cause and effect and give Lin Long four gourds, so my brother and sister can get at least three gourds!

This deal is not a loss!

Now let's see if the senior in front of me will agree.

[You used your supernatural powers to know the future, and helped Fuxi and his sister to ripen the gourd vine, you succeeded, and then you cut off the cause and effect of ripening the gourd vine, you succeeded]

After Shi Zhanshen passed, Lin Long nodded.

Sure enough, this kind of cause and effect is relatively small, and with my own strength, I can completely cut it off.

But if there were no brothers and sisters to block the gun, I'm afraid it would not be so easy for Lin Long to cut off the cause and effect.

After all, the congenital gourd vine is related to several big bosses!

"I'm not interested in this congenital gourd vine."

Lin Long shook his head.

Under normal circumstances, ordinary creatures would faint from joy if they got the congenital gourd vine and four gourds all at once.

But Lin Long was very sensible.

It's good to have this thing, but it's not a loss if you don't have it.

However, since Fuxi made a condition, it is not impossible to discuss it.

"How about this, I will only take one of the seven gourds, and in addition, I will take away the things under the gourd vine, is it not treating you badly?"

If Lin Long didn't want to be contaminated with karma, he could take all the seven gourds by himself!

But now there are Fuxi and Nuwa who are willing to take advantage of the cause and effect, and Lin Long doesn't mind giving them a few more gourds.

However, he wants to take the things under the gourd vine!

Because he knows that under the gourd vine is the Nine Heavens Breathing Soil!

This thing is one of the treasures of innate merit and virtue, which is transformed from the twelve-level creation green lotus lotus soil.

The ancestor of the earth, the sacred object of the human race of later generations!

However, a handful of loess can appear strangely golden and rise with the wind, which is infinitely magical!

The point is, this thing can nourish spiritual roots!

Moreover, it is also related to a large amount of merit in the future!

With that amount of merit, even if I can't completely cut off the karma with the dragon clan after the Long Han's calamity in the future, but with the merit and virtue by my side, it is enough to keep myself safe.

This is Lin Long's main purpose!

"What? There is a baby under the gourd vine?"

Hearing Lin Long's words, Fuxi brother and sister were startled.

I thought the innate gourd vine and the seven gourds were treasures, but I didn't expect that there were treasures under the gourd vine?

"What is the background of this senior? How can any baby see it?"

Nuwa and Fuxi looked at each other.

But in the end it is the elder brother, Fuxi is more stable, and immediately said: "Everything will be according to the senior!"

He thought very clearly, if he waited until the thing was completely successful, it would be hard to say whether the thing belonged to him.

Moreover, the senior in front of him just doesn't want to be contaminated with karma. If he wants to get all the treasures, he can come here alone.

"Okay, that's it."

Lin Long nodded, and said, "Stand back a bit, so as not to be affected."

The law of time is tyrannical, and now his cultivation level is not below that of Fuxi and Nuwa. If he uses it with all his strength, it will be very difficult for the brother and sister to resist.

Fuxi nodded, and immediately stepped back obediently.

Immediately, Lin Long adjusted his posture, and with his backhand, a ball of Sanguang Shenshui jumped out of his hand, turning into a water polo.

As soon as the water polo appeared, the aura around it immediately became alive, and even the branches and leaves of the innate gourd vine swayed slightly, as if it was yearning for it!

"It turned out to be Sanguang Shenshui! No wonder he said he has a way to ripen this congenital gourd vine!"

Fuxi's eyes lit up, looking at the Sanguang Shenshui on Lin Long's palm, he also became energetic.

Because the Sanguang Shenshui is originally a divine object like the Nine Heavens Breathing Soil, and it is what the spiritual root desires most.

With this thing, it can indeed speed up the growth rate of the best spiritual root.

But if it is ripening, it seems to be a little worse.

Immediately, without waiting for the Fuxi brothers and sisters to react, Lin Long threw the Sanguang Shenshui into the air as soon as he raised his hand!

Suddenly, a dark cloud gathered in the sky, and the Sanguang Shenshui turned into rain and dew, continuously falling on the congenital gourd vines.

Afterwards, Lin Long pinched the formula, and the law of time suddenly turned!

With Lin Long as the center, within a radius of several miles, a small world was formed in the blink of an eye.

It can be seen with the naked eye alone that the flow of time in this small world is completely different from that of the outside world, thousands of times faster.

"This is... the law of time!"

Although the Fuxi brothers and sisters are simple, but they carry the inheritance, they naturally recognized the power of law used by Lin Long at a glance!

And Lin Long's endless tricks also shocked the hearts of the two brothers and sisters!

Possessing Sanguang Shenshui may be said to be due to chance, but being able to master the law of time cannot be explained by luck!

This is the top law among the three thousand ways, and its power is only under the law of force.

In the vast prehistoric world, no one has ever heard of anyone who has mastered the law of time, which shows the difficulty of comprehending this law.

"However, relying solely on the law of time and the Sanguang Shenshui, it is still impossible to ripen the spiritual roots." Fuxi shook his head and said.

Nvwa next to her also shook her ponytails and nodded, and said: "Well, there are many connections between the best innate spiritual roots and the heaven and the earth. If you change it forcibly, I'm afraid even the way of heaven will not allow it. If you don't do it, it will be derived. Produce a bunch of defective products."

Speaking of this, Nu Wa was a little anxious: "What should I do with my brother? Do you want to remind him to stop quickly? These are several high-grade innate spirit treasures. It would be a pity if they were destroyed."

However, Fuxi shook his head.

"I believe this senior's method is not that simple, just watch, besides, he was the one who found this thing."

As soon as the words fell, Lin Long's eyes suddenly opened!

The law of cause and effect explodes!

In Xiaotiandi, both time and cause and effect are reversed, coupled with the nourishment of Sanguang Shenshui, the congenital gourd vine, which was in the budding stage, began to grow rapidly at a speed visible to the naked eye.

The aura of heaven and earth around Buzhou Mountain quickly gathered towards the congenital gourd vine.

Seven top-grade innate spirit treasure embryos were revealed at an extremely fast speed.

Auspicious clouds appeared in the sky, obviously, it was a sign of the birth of Lingbao.

"It's done! It's really successful, he even dabbled in the law of cause and effect!"


		