

Fuxi understands that Di Jun intends to help him build his prestige.

Fu Xi nodded, walked out of the crowd, and saluted Di Jun.

Afterwards, in front of all the demon clans, the innate hexagram image appeared on Fuxi's body, and everyone present felt a burst of heart palpitations.

"This new Xihuang is indeed not a simple master."

"Da Luo Jinxian is in the late stage, and it's not the first time to enter this realm!"

"If you're not mistaken, this is the innate hexagram technique. It seems that my monster clan is really going to be prosperous, and I can recruit such great powers!"

Guashu is not a small way.

A monk like Fuxi, who is specialized in this way, is not a problem with divination.

The direction of the big clan often needs to be determined by divination.

To put it bluntly, Fuxi alone can be worth millions of demon soldiers.

It was precisely this point that Di Jun took a fancy to, so he spared no effort to win Fuxi into the Yaozu, and promised him the position of Emperor Xi.

Among the monster clan, there are not no monks in the late stage of Da Luo Jinxian.

But most of them just become demon gods.

But to be an emperor, one must not only have strength, but also excel in others.

This is true for Fuxi and Kunpeng.

Although Kunpeng is not the emperor of the monster clan, his status is the same as that of the emperor, even half a point higher.

In the main hall, all the monsters looked closely at Fuxi, waiting for the result of Fuxi's divination.

Whether the witch clan really has a witch god or not will determine the Yaozu's attitude towards the witch clan.

Time passed by little by little, just when everyone began to wonder why Fuxi hadn't moved for so long.

"puff!"

Fuxi spat out a mouthful of blood, his face paled at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Di Jun suddenly stood up from the emperor's chair.

"Fuxi Demon Emperor, what's going on!"

"Quick! Fuxi Emperor get up!"

The guard hurriedly helped Fuxi who was standing unsteadily up.

Fuxi took two deep breaths, adjusted his state, and finally spoke.

"Your Majesty, I'm useless. I only calculated that there is indeed a witch god in the witch clan, but the magical power of that witch god is superior to mine. If I go further and try to figure out its identity, I can't figure it out."

"what!"

Fuxi's words stirred up a thousand waves.

"So the witch gods of the witch tribe really exist!"

"It's really deep enough for the witches to hide for so many years."

"Who says no, no one has ever seen a witch god in the prehistoric world."

A demon god frowned and analyzed: "This is not the point, haven't you noticed? Emperor Xi is proficient in divination, but his appearance just now is definitely backlashed, which means that the witch god of the Wu clan is higher than Xi in this way." Emperor, didn't you say that the primordial spirit of the Wu clan has been infected, and you only cultivate the body and not the primordial spirit? Why can you practice the law?"

In front of the emperor's chair, Di Jun frowned deeply when he heard this.

Di Jun believed that Fuxi would not lie to him, and he also noticed the backlash just now.

It's just that the news is really hard for him to accept.

The witch clan really has a witch god, and it is the kind of witch god who has mastered the primordial spirit and achieved something in the law of the great way.

To be able to practice the law of the Dao, and have the terrifying physical body of the witch clan, how powerful is this witch god?

If you join hands with Taiyi, can you suppress it?

Di Jun's heart was covered with a layer of haze.

In the main hall, all the monster clans were discussing in low voices, when Kunpeng stood up.

"Your Majesty, I think this is not the time to start a full-scale war with the Wu Clan. The most urgent thing to do is to understand the situation first. The Witch God is by no means an ordinary combat force of the Wu Clan. If you attack rashly, the Wu Clan has too many variables."

If Kunpeng had spoken admonitions before, Di Jun would certainly not have listened.

But now, hearing Kunpeng's words, Di Jun pondered for a moment, then nodded.

"The sorcerer is right, let's ease the friction with the witch clan for the time being."

"After the matter is found out, we will make plans."

A conflict ended anticlimactically because of Kunpeng and Fuxi.

In the main hall, all the monster races retreated one after another.

Di Jun was in a bad mood, and left without waiting for the monsters to retreat.

Kunpeng looked at Dijun's back, and shook his head secretly: "Dijun's ambition is almost uncontrollable, today is thanks to Fuxibu's hexagram, otherwise today would be the day when the monster clan and the witch clan will go to war."

"Speaking of which, who is the witch god of the witch clan? He hides so deeply, could it be that he is as powerful as the master?"

"No, I have to tell the master about it."

Thinking of this, Kunpeng didn't stay any longer, and hurried to his palace.

At the same time, in the Dragon God Realm, in the Dragon God Palace.

Lin Long, who was practicing with his eyes closed on the futon, felt his heart skip a beat, and then slowly opened his eyes.

"Hehe, is Fuxi deducing me?"

"I've just entered meditation practice, so Fuxi might be injured right now."

In the entire prehistoric world, there are only two people who can outperform Fuxi in the art of deduction and divination.

One of them is himself, and the other is Daozu Hongjun.

Other than that, Fuxi is irreplaceable.

But it just happened to be such a coincidence that Fuxi was on his own head.

But Lin Long couldn't figure it out, why did Fuxi deduce himself when he was so good?

His deduction skills are much better than Fuxi's, and it's not like he doesn't know it, so there's no need to ask for trouble.

Just as Lin Long was thinking, he suddenly felt Kunpeng calling for him.

With a thought.

"Kunpeng, why are you calling me?"

Kunpeng, who was thousands of miles away in the Yaozu Demon Court, heard Lin Long's voice, and his heart trembled.

"Reporting to the master, just now the demon clan used Fuxi's hands to deduce the witch god of the Wu clan. Fuxi was severely injured and turned back. His subordinates thought that the witch clan might hide a statue as powerful as you, so they reported it to the master."

Hearing Kunpeng's words, Lin Long understood everything at once.

Just now, I was still wondering why Fuxi was deducing himself so well.

Now I know.

However, he had a bad premonition in his heart.

Deduce the witch god of the witch clan, and deduce it to yourself?

When did you have contact with the Wu Clan?

"wrong!"

"At the beginning, I enlightened at the foot of Buzhou Mountain, and when I left, the Wu Clan was born. Now that I think about it, I'm afraid it's not a coincidence!"

The law of force that I have comprehended should be the most compatible law with the witch clan.

It is precisely because of the aura of his comprehension that the Wu Clan took the opportunity to be born.

Breeding in Buzhou Mountain does not mean that there is no consciousness.

Coupled with the traction of breath, the twelve ancestor witches of the witch clan may have already recorded their own breath.

Otherwise, how could there be such a coincidence.

Lin Long shook his head helplessly: "Thinking about it this way, the witch god of the Wu clan is probably me."

It is definitely a great thing for other creatures to be regarded as a witch god by the witch clan.

It is equivalent to picking up a big power for nothing.

But Lin Long couldn't be happy at all.

This has just gotten rid of the dragon and phoenix calamity, and now it is inexplicably involved in the lich calamity.

The most important thing is that I have torn skins with Hongjun, the sixth child.

If the sixth child catches the loophole, then he will really be doomed.

"What the hell just got out of the fire pit and then into the cesspit!"

"No, this matter cannot be delayed for too long, you must go and see for yourself."

"I can't get away now."

"By the way, Taoist Mosquito's avatar is still in seclusion, let him go, and take the opportunity to travel in the prehistoric, looking for opportunities, maybe it can help me break through the Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian faster!"


		