

The Huaxu family gave birth to a son, and the birth of the son was accompanied by visions, and soon spread among the human tribes.

Originally, Fuxi's heel was an innate creature, which was very different from the general human race. If this kind of heel was maintained, it would probably bring panic to the human race.

Therefore, after some repairs, Lin Long made Fuxi's bloodline and feet a pure human race, but at the same time not weaker than the innate demon god's feet.

In addition, Fuxi was extremely intelligent, so he quickly gained a firm foothold among the human race.

It's just that even though Fuxi is smart, he didn't awaken the memory of his previous life at the beginning, and he still had to go through some guidance if he wanted to take on the great responsibility of the human race.

That is the so-called Master of the Emperor.

Lin Long naturally understood that since Fuxi's birth, the catastrophe of the human race has officially begun.

From then on, among the human tribes, the three emperors and five emperors will be born one after another, and Lin Long and Nuwa, the great powers of the saint realm, cannot intervene. Otherwise, humanity will continue to repeat the disasters of the human race, never ending.

Lin Long is not afraid of this kind of catastrophe, but if he can't stand the human race, he will be bullied.

Therefore, even though Lin Long paid attention to the human race, he would not choose to take action directly, he would only use methods secretly.

"Have you made arrangements for Fuxi's guide?"

Lin Long turned his head to look at Nuwa, who was also paying attention to the human tribe, and asked.

Nuwa shook her head and said, "I'm also considering this matter, but I'm not in a hurry for now. You might as well let my brother feel the suffering of the human race and understand the world. It won't be too late to make a big deal after that."

Anyway, it has already reached this point, so Nuwa is not in a hurry.

There are two reasons.

First, it is natural that Fuxi has been born smoothly, and even if there are any major changes in the future, he can take action at any time to ensure that Fuxi's life will not be in danger.

As for the Humanity will repeat the catastrophe of the human race, the big deal is to do it all over again.

Second, it is natural that Lin Long gave Fuxi too strong a foothold. If everything goes smoothly, it will be even more difficult for Fuxi to awaken the true spirit.

Under the three ways of heaven, earth and man, everything has its own definite number.

If you took a shortcut today, Sandao will find it for you in other places tomorrow.

Therefore, Nuwa thought it was better to let Fuxi suffer first.

What is more important than what Nuwa is still clear.

Lin Long also nodded when he heard the words, and said: "Yes, since you have already decided, then do as you said, but if you don't have any manpower to arrange the position of the emperor's teacher, you might as well use my few Choose one of the disciples."

"Okay, that's it, thank you Brother Lin."

Nuwa nodded. Speaking of which, she really didn't have any manpower to drive her. Although there were many creatures in Wa Palace, most of them were boys and girls with weak cultivation, and they were usually responsible for serving tea and water.

As my brother's guide, he naturally had to find a reliable one, so Lin Long's disciples were the most suitable ones.

But Lin Long thought for a moment. According to the ranking of his disciples, the position of Master of the Emperor should be given to Zhao Gongming.

However, the position of the emperor requires a benevolent heart to educate the people.

Although Zhao Gongming's character is loyal and reasonable, it lacks a bit of righteousness and kindness.

If he is allowed to lead Fuxi, I am afraid that the entire human race will be brought into the ditch.

Therefore, after Lin Long thought about it for a while, he decided to assign this errand of the emperor's teacher to Yunxiao, the eldest sister among the three Xiaos.

Yunxiao has a steady and dignified personality, abides by her duties, and strictly restrains her juniors and juniors. Therefore, her character is more than enough to be the emperor's teacher.

Thinking of this, Lin Long immediately sent a voice transmission to Yun Xiao.

"Yunxiao, you are now in the quasi-sage realm, and it's time for you to practice."

"A hundred years later, go to the human race, look for Fuxi, educate Fuxi, and guide the human race to open up a prosperous age."

Yun Xiao, who was practicing in his dojo, heard Lin Long's message, and hurriedly responded: "Yes, the disciple takes orders."

Afterwards, Lin Long led Nuwa around Lei Ze for a few laps, and after confirming that there was nothing unusual about the human race, he left with confidence.


At the same time, above the prehistoric, it was also very lively.

To be precise, it is the former site of the Yaozu, which is extremely lively and noisy.

Countless prehistoric creatures lined up outside the Monster Race Hall, with countless expectations and tension on their faces.

"The decree of the sage led by the monster clan is here today to start the test for the prehistoric creatures."

"Those who pass the test can join the saint sect."

"Teaching, teaching, and testing are different."

"Those who see their nature clearly and are righteous in the way can enter the Jiejiao."

"Outstanding talents, those who follow the way of heaven can enter the teaching."

Wearing a loose black Taoist robe, Kunpeng stood on the high platform, looked at the creatures waiting for the test below, and then pointed to the stairs on both sides with both hands.

On this ladder, the Yaozu have already prepared their means.

In addition to testing the basic cultivation talent, the test of cutting teaching is more focused.

The test of teaching is relatively more focused on following.

Heeling is born, and no one can change it.

And xinxing can be cultivated later in life.

Of course, the outstanding disciples within the Yaozu had long been selected by Dijun as internal appointments.

Now the test is naturally the creatures in the prehistoric.

In the void, Yuanshi Tianzun and the leader of Tongtian stood together, the leader of Tongtian thought for a while, looked at the test below, with a look of interest: "Second brother, this demon clan has done a good job this time, for you and me Saved a lot of trouble."

Yuanshi Tianzun heard the words, and couldn't help snorting: "Hmph, I just took the opportunity to please! If it weren't for the fact that he is the emperor of the demon clan, he would not be needed for such an errand!"

"I explain that the disciples who teach are more valuable than many, so why should they be screened in this way? Those with outstanding footsteps can naturally be recruited."

He only focused on following his feet, so he didn't fully appreciate Di Jun's help.

However, Tongtian shook his head and said: "Second brother, I don't think this is unreasonable. Since you and I have been sanctified, we naturally have to take on the responsibility of educating all living beings. It is important to expand the sect, but more important It's the disposition of the disciples, if Di Jun hadn't reminded me this time, I would have ignored it."

"Although I say that teachings can be taught without discrimination, some treacherous people are unbearable to be educated, and naturally they cannot be accepted."

Tong Tian was talking on his own, but he didn't notice at all, and Yuan Shi's expression on the side became more and more ugly.

Doesn't the meaning of these words mean that my disciples only focus on following one's footsteps and don't care about character, and the generals in the sect are full of treacherous people?

"Humph!"

Yuan Shi snorted coldly, turned around and left with a flick of his sleeves.

Tong Tian was stunned for a moment, and then seeing Yuanshi Tianzun's reaction, he realized that he had said something wrong.

However, he felt that what he said about Ollie was not wrong, so he could only helplessly shook his head and followed.

Not long after the two left, a figure came out of the void thousands of miles away.

It is Zhunti, a saint of Western religion!

Sage Zhunti looked at the backs of Yuanshi Tianzun and Master Tongtian as they left, with a sly look in his eyes.

"Hehe, it seems that the three Qings are not in harmony!"

Muttering to this point, a look of jealousy flashed in Zhunti's eyes: "However, Sanqing has the merits of opening the sky, but now he wants to seize the luck of the sect. It is really not right..."

Rubbing a long blood-colored needle in his hand, Zhunti's face was full of greed: "Hehe, it looks like the bloody mosquito needle that Dragon God gave me is going to be useful!"

"However, we still have to wait for the disciples who explain and cut off the teaching to be included in the teaching before we can plan. In the west, there will always be a day of great prosperity!"

Youdao is how bold people are and how productive the land is. Zhunti has always taken the revitalization of the West as his lifelong wish.

Now that the interception and interpretation of teachings are recruiting disciples aggressively, he naturally feels that the opportunity to absorb luck has come.

Of course, he wouldn't do it right now.

After the two sects have finished accepting disciples, luck will be at its peak, and then is the best time!

As for the cut off teaching that he had thought about before, it doesn't matter if he thinks about it now.

Even if he has absorbed the luck of Jujiao, who would know?

Could it be that the dragon god still came to him for the sake of Tongtian?

With sanctification, Zhunti became more courageous.

Soon, Zhunti's figure disappeared into the void.

Below, the auditions for saint disciples lasted for decades.

When the prehistoric creatures were just born, most of them were pure in heart, but after years of messing around, their hearts might change.

In the end, there were as many as 100,000 souls who wanted to join the Jiejiao, but a total of 70,000 people were screened out!

Of course, Di Jun didn't completely give up on these creatures, but asked these creatures if they would like to join the monster clan and monster army.

With the restraint of the military order, no matter how strict the discipline is, nothing will happen. At the same time, it can be regarded as giving these creatures some protection.

As for the explanation and teaching, it is relatively simple.

Just look at the heels!

In the end, only twelve were successfully selected!

One of them caught Di Jun's attention.

Among the twelve people, there stood a Taoist in yellow robe, with a pair of dragon horns on his head, which looked like a dragon.

Di Jun walked up to the Taoist himself, looked him up and down: "Are you from the Dragon Clan?"


		