

"Are you a dragon?"

Di Jun walked up to the Taoist himself and looked him up and down, with some surprise in his eyes.

Ordinarily, with the strength of the dragon clan, it is much stronger than the sect founded by Sanqing. Under normal circumstances, no dragon clan would choose to leave the Dragon God Realm and join the saint sect instead.

With Di Jun's current strength, he can naturally see through the Taoist body in front of him at a glance, that it is a yellow dragon becoming a spirit.

And this Huanglong's heel seems to be considered pretty good, but Di Jun has never been to the Dragon God Realm, so he doesn't know whether this talent is considered high or low among the Dragon Clan.

But judging from his vision of seeing the prehistoric world, the talent of this yellow dragon is definitely superior to the prehistoric ones, otherwise he would not pass the test and be taught and accepted as his disciple.

If you want to join the teaching, the most important thing is to follow your feet, and the second is to see if you are an innate creature.

Because Yuanshi Tianzun still has a lot of prejudice against the kind of acquired souls who have turned into monsters.

Even though it is so harsh, this yellow dragon can still pass the test, which shows how talented this guy is.

Facing Di Jun's gaze and listening to Di Jun's question, Huang Long took two steps back in fear, and then said respectfully: "I have seen Lord Demon Emperor, the younger Huang Long is indeed a dragon."

"Since it is a dragon clan, why don't you stay in the Dragon God Realm, but leave the Dragon God Realm to join the Saint Sect?"

Di Jun frowned, unable to figure out the problem.

That Huanglong showed a look of embarrassment, and after pondering for a moment, he opened his mouth and said: "Reporting to Lord Demon Emperor, it's not that this junior doesn't want to be in the Dragon God Realm, it's just that when this junior was born, he wasn't in the Dragon God Realm, and he didn't know that the Dragon God Realm was there. Where and how to get in, that's why I chose the Saint Sect."

"Um."

Di Jun nodded, took a deep look at Huang Long, and didn't say anything more, but he remembered the matter in his heart.

Soon, all the disciples of the two sage sects, Interpretation and Intervention, had been screened, and all that was left was to send these disciples to Kunlun Mountain, where the sage would personally screen them again.

Of course, these are not things that Di Jun needs to worry about.

"Send two teams of demon troops to escort these creatures to Kunlun Mountain, and there must be no mistakes on the way!"

Di Jun opened his mouth to give orders, and immediately there was a demon god and ghost car below him saying: "Yes, rest assured, Your Majesty, I will ensure that these creatures arrive at Kunlun Mountain safely!"

After arranging things, Di Jun turned around and left without staying here too much.


Under the steps of selecting and preparing saint disciples, a taoist with a pair of long ears and a slightly sinister and cunning demeanor looked anxious at this moment.

"What should I do? If I can't go to Kunlun Mountain with these creatures, I'm afraid it will be even more difficult to join the Saint Sect!"

"No, no, no, no matter what, we have to go to Kunlun Mountain together. I Dingguang is definitely not the kind of person who has a shallow chance!"

The long-eared Dingguangxian gritted his teeth, and suddenly a flash of inspiration flashed in his mind.

"That's right! As a servant, I can mix into the Intercepting Cult!"

Although the long-eared Dingguang Immortal's aptitude is not low, it is not qualified to join the Saint Sect.

What's more, since the teacher's head is focused, he naturally has no chance.

Therefore, the reason why he chose to mix into Jiejiao instead of explaining Jiaojiao is very simple.

If you want to join the teaching, you must have enough talent. This is a rigid standard. No matter how Ding Guangxian behaves, if you can't do this, it will be futile.

But interception is different.

At the beginning, Tongtian Saint founded Jiejiao, preaching that there is no discrimination in teaching, as long as you perform well, it is not impossible to find opportunities to take advantage of the opportunity to learn from teachers.

After all, talent cannot be faked, but character can be temporarily faked.

"Hmph, this monster clan is really hateful. I don't care about my own affairs. I have to help the Saint Sect do some screening. If it weren't for this, I, Ding Guangxian, would not waste such effort in vain."

Complaints are complaints, what should be done is still to be done.

The long-eared Dingguang Immortal looked around at the preparatory disciples of the saints who had been selected.

In the end, he set his sights on a Taoist with a simple and honest face and a slightly slender figure.

Ding Guangxian had a deep impression on this Taoist.

When testing his talents before, this Taoist has easily reached the highest level, which shows that his talents should be the highest among this group of intercepted disciples.

The chance of being appreciated by the saints in the future is also the greatest.

If you can take advantage of this relationship, you may have the opportunity to learn from the saint as well.

"Brother Dao, I see that you are extremely talented and have an extraordinary bearing. You will definitely achieve great things in the future. Now that I am not destined to be a disciple of a saint, I wonder if I can be your follower and see the demeanor of a saint at a glance?"

This Taoist was about to leave with the demon army, and he felt very relieved when he heard Ding Guangxian's series of flattery.

Never expected that this piece of jade of mine would be discovered so quickly.

Although it was not discovered by a saint, no matter what race the creature is, it always feels good when it is praised by others.

The demon army on the side also heard this, but they just glanced at Ding Guangxian and didn't say anything more.

The Taoist also felt that this was acquiescence, so he looked at Ding Guangxian's heels. Although they were not particularly outstanding, they were not particularly bad either. It was just right to use them as a follower.

"Well, if that's the case, you can follow me, but when you come to the Saint Sect, you must obey my orders, and you can't act without authorization."

Hearing this, Ding Guangxian was overjoyed, and quickly said: "Brother Dao, don't worry, ah no, master, don't worry, I know this matter well, by the way, haven't you asked the master's name yet?"

The Taoist rubbed his belly and said with a smile: "My body is Duobao Mouse, but I don't even have a name now, so you might as well just call me Duobao."

"Alright, master, please go first."

Ding Guangxian looked respectful, and stretched out his hand to invite Duobao to move forward.

Taoist Duobao nodded, with a smile on his face, feeling particularly comfortable.

That Ding Guangxian was also very excited, after all, he followed the demon army to go to Kunlun Mountain as he wished.

However, he didn't know that when he was talking to Duobao, two figures above the clouds listened to their conversation verbatim.

"Dragon God, this rabbit spirit is too presumptuous! How dare you take advantage of the loopholes in the rules set by my demon clan! I will ask someone to take him down!"

"There is also that Duobao mouse, which has already put on the airs of a saint's disciple before entering the saint's sect. How can a mere golden immortal have the qualifications to lead a follower? It seems that the assessment of this xinxing level is not strict enough."

Di Jun's face was gloomy, very angry.

Of course, he wasn't really angry with Dingguangxian and Duobao.

The main reason is that Lin Long also came here at some time just now, and saw all the scene below with a smile on his face.

Di Jun felt that he was so angry because these two guys lost face in front of Lin Long.

However, just when Di Jun was about to ask someone to take down Duobao and Ding Guangxian, Lin Long reached out and stopped Di Jun.

"Forget it, let's stop here."

Hearing this, Di Jun was taken aback: "Huh? Lord Dragon God, what do you mean?"

"Since he can find the loopholes in the rules you set, that's also his fate."

Lin Long said: "The Yaozu didn't send him to the Jiejiao as a disciple of a saint. If he can really worship the Jiejiao, even if there is anything in the future, it will have nothing to do with the Yaozu. Why do you have to go through this muddy water?"

"What's more, this rule was originally set by you, and you didn't say that these saint disciples are not allowed to take servants. If you try to stop them at this time, wouldn't you be slapping yourself in the face?"

He didn't let Di Jun stop this matter, of course there was a reason.

Ding Guangxian will play a major role in the rebellion of the Three Qings in the future, but now it seems that a mistake made him take advantage of the loophole.

When Di Jun heard what Lin Long said, although he was angry, he couldn't say anything more.

After pondering for a while, Di Jun still opened his mouth and gave an order: "Next time we select the disciples of saints, those who have passed the exam are not allowed to bring servants with them."

Dijun's voice spread throughout the Yaozu former site.

The creatures didn't pay too much attention after hearing it, they just felt a little strange, why would there be such an extra rule suddenly?

Only Duobao and Dingguangxian had ugly faces at this moment.

No matter how stupid the two are, they can tell that this rule is obviously aimed at the two of them.

Duobao, who was still high-spirited before, looked at Ding Guangxian now, with a bit of disgust on his face.

If it wasn't for this guy, he would have been noticed by the demon emperor of the demon clan?

This is already equivalent to name-calling and criticism.

Immediately, Duobao flicked the sleeve of his robe, didn't bother to pay attention to Dingguangxian, and walked straight ahead.

As for Ding Guangxian, although his face was a little embarrassed, but thinking of his future opportunities, he still followed up cheekily.

It's just that Ding Guangxian also understands in his heart, because of what Di Jun said just now, he will definitely not get any help from Duobao in the future.

Even among the entire Jiejiao disciples, it is difficult for anyone willing to help him.

This is the difficulty of hell when going online.


		