

In Sanxian Island, Lin Long is currently in a valley full of aura.

Now that Sanxian Island has been refined, this will be his dojo in the future, so he can't take the sky as his seat and the ground as his quilt, can he?

This valley is full of aura and coincides with the five elements, making it suitable for building a dojo.

With his Da Luo Jinxian's cultivation base, everything is only in one thought, as long as he thinks, it is not difficult to build a pure gold palace out of thin air.

Of course, if he really got a pure gold palace dojo out, it would be a complete success, it would be a dick.

Seeing the surrounding peaks, beautiful and beautiful, everything is so natural and harmonious, Lin Long suddenly had an idea in his mind.

"go!"

With a low shout, the mountains, rocks, and vegetation in front of him moved accordingly, and the trees and vines grew wantonly like long snakes, twisting and entangled together.

And the land and rocks are also automatically made into various utensils, including tables and chairs, beds, caves...

In almost a moment, a complete dojo has been built.

"With this kind of strength, if I contracted the project before time travel, I would have made a lot of money..."

Lin Long laughed at himself, but the next moment, the reminder appeared again.

[You have realized a little bit by manipulating trees and rocks, and comprehended the law of five elements 1%]

"It's cool to have a golden finger! But even if you build a dojo, you can actually comprehend the law!"

Although the laws of the five elements are not as top-notch as the laws of time and space, they are also extremely tyrannical.

For example, Zhunti in the West and Kong Xuan in later generations are all guys who have comprehended the five elements to the extreme.

And their supernatural powers made all the gods and Buddhas helpless.

Especially Kong Xuan, with his five-color divine light, is known as the number one person under the sage, and this is not a boast!

(Note: Kong Xuan's five-color divine light is actually natal supernatural powers, but I set it to be natal supernatural powers and then practiced the five elements and merged them together. There will be explanations when Kong Xuan appears on the stage later. Don't be serious here, retreat.)

"Five Elements Law, there is another hole card!"

Lin Long looked at the dojo in front of him in a comfortable mood, because the dojo was built relying on the five elements, it seemed that there was no craftsmanship at all.

Overall, Lin Long is quite satisfied with this.

"This will be my dojo from now on, so it should have a name."

Lin Long pondered and said: "Since I am a dragon clan in this life, and I have been cultivating the Dao, this Taoist temple might as well be called Crouching Dragon Temple..."

It is purely difficult for him to choose a name, and it is not deliberately to use the name of a guy who compares himself to Guan Zhongleyi in later generations.

When I raised my hand, the entangled vegetation instantly formed a plaque, and among the rocks, there were also gold-plated clings, and the three characters of Wolongguan appeared on the plaque impressively.

"Hehe, this Taoist temple has actually given birth to a bit of spirituality."

Lin Long smiled, and didn't particularly care about it. After all, this ashram has acquired his own aura, and it also coincides with the five elements. Maybe it's unknown when he will be able to give birth to spiritual wisdom in the future, but this is also a chance for the Taoist temple, and it's all in the future.

After getting the Taoist temple, Lin Long also felt more at ease, and began to ponder his own supernatural powers when he had nothing to do.

During this period of time, the supernatural powers and spells I have obtained are not small.

Laws include time, space, and the five elements.

Supernatural powers include formations, methods of heaven and earth, pupils of the avenue, great alchemy techniques, size as you wish, and control of wind and clouds.

Of course, the most important thing is to know the future!

The higher the realm, the more he felt that this supernatural power could be called a bug!

With nothing to do right now, let's simply deduce the direction of the Dragon and Han catastrophe.

[You have used your magical powers to know the future and deduced the calamity, but the secrets are chaotic and cannot be deduced. 】

"Um?"

Lin Long was not discouraged, and tried several times in succession, but still failed.

"Sure enough, it is the same as I guessed before, even if the cultivation base has improved."

Although this supernatural power is buggy, it is not unlimited. The things you want to deduce must be related to yourself. For example, what you want to do, you have to use this as the goal to deduce it, so that it can be effective.

Although the deduction failed, Lin Long was not discouraged, because this was as early as he expected. After all, he had reached a conclusion before. Now he just took advantage of his cultivation base and tried it again. Failure is also counted. It makes sense.

If it is true that everything can be deduced out of thin air, then he is an omniscient and omnipotent saint.

"Forget it, if you can't deduce it, you can't deduce it, but it's dangerous anyway. Before you have enough strength, you can be a dragon in a low-key manner, and you can't be troublesome."

Lin Long made up his mind that there are many opportunities in this prehistoric world, but there are too many old six, Hongjun is, Luo Hu is, and the saints of the world in later generations are also the same.

Long Han Liang Jie seems to be a struggle between the three clans, but in fact there are more or less shadows of Hongjun and Luohu behind it.

Whether it is Luo Hu or Hong Jun, they all have the idea of ​​​​unifying the prehistoric world, and the three clans are their stumbling blocks!

"Safety comes first. I have to keep a low profile. If I show up casually, I might be targeted by those two old sixths, and I'll be in trouble."

Lin Long made up his mind that before he has enough strength, he must not make publicity, and just make a fortune in silence.

However, just as he was about to calm down and cultivate a stable cultivation base, outside the Sanxian Island, the Sanxian Floating Life Formation used for protection suddenly shook!

"Huh? Someone is outside the formation! And trying to break the formation!"


At the same time, outside the formation of Sanxian Island, the middle-aged Taoist stood in midair holding a jade ruyi.

It is Yuanshi Tianzun, one of the Sanqing!

"It's such a strong formation. This defensive formation is really ingenious. I'm afraid that even if the third brother comes, he won't be able to break through it easily!"

"Looking at the flow of breath in this formation, could it be that there are creatures living in it?"

Yuanshi Tianzun frowned slightly while breaking the formation. He could feel that there was a chance for him in this island, but this formation was obviously arranged artificially. Could it be that his chance was going to be taken first?

Thinking of this, Yuanshi Tianzun's heart became more impatient, and the movement of breaking the formation in his hand became faster.

It would be best if there were no living beings in this island, and all the treasures and chances would be his own.

If there are living beings, with his late Daluo Jinxian cultivation base, the other party dare to say half a word?

"I am dignified and clean, and I am the authentic Pangu. The whole prehistoric world was transformed by the Father God. It's just a chance to take some treasures. It's not too much!"

With this in mind, Yuanshi Tianzun spewed out mana, shaking the Three Immortals Floating Life Formation continuously.

However, in the big formation, Lin Long felt the fluctuation of the entire formation, and gradually became angry in his heart.

"What a disrespectful guy, you can tell that this formation is not formed innately, but you still want to force your way in? I want to see, who is it?"

Lin Long didn't act rashly, and immediately cast "Defying the Future"!

What he said is to see which sixth child it is, of course it is not the main body going out to be tough with others!

Just kidding, prehistoric world, safety first!

[You used your supernatural powers to know the future, and found that someone forcibly broke through the Sanxian Island formation. You chose to withdraw the formation and found out that the person who came was Yuanshi Tianzun. , sneak attack on you, you have an 80% chance of falling directly]

[You used your supernatural powers to know the future, and found someone forcibly breaking through the formation of Sanxian Island. You chose to stay behind closed doors. The Yuanshi Tianzun outside the formation had no choice but to leave temporarily, but soon called two other creatures, It was Lao Tzu, Tong Tian, ​​and the three of them working together to break the formation outside Sanxian Island, causing great commotion, making the entire Sanxian Island the focus of the prehistoric]

[You used your magical powers to know the future, and found that someone forcibly broke through the formation of Sanxian Island. You chose to withdraw the formation and hand over the Lingbao. Yuan Shi directly asked for the ownership of Sanxian Island, and then you 100% fell]

[You used supernatural powers to know the future, and found that someone forcibly broke through the Sanxian Island formation, you took the initiative to withdraw the formation, and chose to attack Yuanshi Tianzun, the chance of Yuanshi Tianzun falling is 60%, and your chance of falling is 5%]

Looking at the prompt, Lin Long naturally knew who the sixth child outside the formation was breaking through.

Yuanshi Tianzun!

"Sure enough, the Sanguang Shenshui in the hands of the later generations of Cihangdao people was bestowed by Yuanshi Tianzun. If I hadn't been there first, Yuanshi Tianzun would have found the Sanxian Island and would have taken the treasure inside!"

Lin Long nodded slightly, and understood in his heart.


		