

With Lin Long breaking through the restriction, the Lunar Star and the Lunar Star were naturally revealed in front of his eyes.

Even though the starry sky is vast, Lin Long and the others all have cultivation levels, so they arrived at their destination without a meal.

"Master, this is the sun star? It looks like a huge fireball, and there is nothing unusual about it."

Bi Xiao has a lively personality, and after taking shape, she is very curious about everything, and she is always asking questions all the way.

On the contrary, Yun Xiao wiped the sweat off his little face, and said, "The breath here is so hot, if we hadn't stood beside Master, I'm afraid we wouldn't have been able to bear it."

After speaking, Yun Xiao looked at Bi Xiao again, and continued: "It is rumored that the sun star was transformed from the left eye of Pan Gu, so there must be something extraordinary about it."

Regarding this, Lin Long also nodded, and explained: "There are two innate creatures bred here, with great luck and good luck, you must not lose your courtesy."

Bi Xiao smiled mischievously when she heard the words, and stuck out her tongue coquettishly: "Don't worry, Master, the disciples will not embarrass you."

Lin Long ignored Bi Xiao's gag, turned his head to look at the sun star wrapped in flames, and said slowly: "I am Lin Long, I have heard the name of the sun star for a long time, and I am here to visit today, and I hope fellow Taoists will come forward to tell you something. "

He doesn't have the habit of signing up for numbers everywhere, and he doesn't need to spread morality like Hongjun, so even if he has strength, it is always right to keep a low profile.

But in fact, most of the creatures in Honghuang only know the Cyanwood Dragon God, and there are very few who know that the Cyanwood Dragon God is called Lin Long, and even a large part of the three tribes on Sanxian Island don't know Lin Long What's your real name?

Lin Long is also happy to see this.

The sound is vast, and it is transmitted to the sun star.

The flames on the outer layer of the sun star are still dancing happily, without any intention of going out.

Standing beside Lin Long, Bi Xiao jumped out of temper, and after watching for a while, his patience was worn out, and he pouted dissatisfiedly: "Master, is there really anyone in there? Why didn't they show up, didn't you hear it? "

On the other hand, Zhao Gongming, who had been silent all the time, looked a bit ugly: "I didn't hear anything, they clearly avoided it on purpose!"

After seeing Lin Long's methods, Zhao Gongming respected Lin Long more and more in his heart. Zhao Gongming was very uncomfortable that the creatures on Sun Planet neglected his master so much.

Yun Xiao also frowned slightly on the side, and a look of displeasure flashed in his eyes: "The creatures inside don't know what is good or bad!"

But Lin Long didn't take this matter to heart, wandering around Sunstar was just a whim, so it's fine for people to avoid it, it's not like going to someone's house to visit someone's house and they just don't say anything and you just beat, smash and rob?

The majestic Lin Moulong wants face!

"Okay, left and right are not a big deal, don't act hostile, the sun star is his dojo, if I come here rashly, it's still rude of me to wait."

Immediately, Lin Long turned around and cupped his hands towards Sun Xing: "Since the two fellow Taoists don't want to meet each other, and Lin doesn't force it, let's leave now."

With the improvement of his cultivation level, his state of mind has naturally changed a lot.

There is a restriction on this sun star, but this kind of restriction is really not enough in front of Lin Long. If you want to go in, this restriction will not even be able to block it.

But since Dijun Taiyi didn't want to see him, there was no need for him to force it.

He came to Sunstar just to satisfy his curiosity, and he didn't have any serious business. As for being rejected, he was not annoyed.

The dragon looked down at the ants, and the ants said, "You are not allowed to look at me. Could it be that the dragon has to expend energy to breathe out a mouthful of dragon's breath and burn the ants to death?"

This is the improvement of mood.

But Lin Long has this state of mind, but it doesn't mean that Zhao Gongming and San Xiao also have it.

From their point of view, this creature on Sun Planet was extremely rude to his master!

Such a powerful master condescends to come here, and they are so ignorant, rejecting the master, it is an unforgivable crime!

That is to say, the master is magnanimous, don't care about them, otherwise the sun star will disappear today!

Comparing before and after, Master's mind is like a vast ocean, and the mind of the creatures on Sun Planet is not even as good as a drop of water.

In this way, San Xiao and Zhao Gongming's admiration for Lin Long deepened.

Looking at Lin Long's back, little stars were about to appear in San Xiao's eyes.

As for Zhao Gongming, a strong black-faced man, he was full of admiration.

"Master, this is the demeanor of a powerful person. The creatures on Sun Planet are not worthy of Master's politeness. If I meet them one day, I will definitely let them remember!"

Lin Long didn't know what Zhao Gongming was thinking, and he didn't expect that Zhao Gongming and Di Juntai would form an "indissoluble bond" when he casually wandered around Sun Star once.

Since Di Jun and Tai Yi didn't want to see each other, Lin Long and the others didn't stay here any longer, and soon left the range of Sun Star.

Just as the few people left, two figures appeared outside the Sun Star Palace, bathed in flames, looking at the direction where Lin Long and others disappeared, and after confirming that Lin Long had really left, both of them spit out in one breath.

Immediately, the golden flame gradually receded, revealing the original appearance of the two.

Both of them were dressed in golden robes, and the older youth among them had a faint domineering look between his brows, with an imperial demeanor.

It's just that at this moment, in this imperial demeanor, there is a touch of horror, which destroys the demeanor.

"I didn't expect such a terrifying person to exist in the prehistoric world. Just the aura revealed made me so terrified. Taiyi, it seems that you and I have to speed up our practice, and we must not slack off!"

The resolute young man on the side also nodded when he heard the words.

The two are not others, but the demon emperor Jun and Donghuang Taiyi who founded the demon clan in the future!

But at this moment, the future Yaohuang and Donghuang were frightened by Lin Long, which made them feel a little afraid of the prehistoric.

It was because the power that Lin Long created when he broke the formation was too terrifying.

Today, their cultivation realm is already in the late stage of Da Luo Jinxian, and they are preparing to hit the perfection of Da Luo Jinxian.

Before Lin Long and his party arrived, they planned to travel to the wilderness to gain knowledge.

As a result, Lin Long and others appeared in the next moment.

The moment the pupil of the Great Dao opened with panic, Zhou Tian Xingdou shook violently, and even the natal real fire in Di Juntai's body was suppressed and unable to be used at that moment.

With the appearance of the pupil of the great way, the stars all over the sky stopped operating, a restriction was broken, and the pupil of the great way was retracted, and then it returned to normal.

The two asked themselves, if they really faced Lin Long, they might not even be able to catch a single move, and they would have to be cut off.

What's even more frightening is that such a boss actually came to Sunstar and said that he wanted to visit.

As soon as these words came out, the heartbeats of both Dijun brothers slowed down by half a beat.

One must know that the two brothers' greatest support is on the sun star, the hibiscus wood, one of the top ten innate spiritual roots.

If that boss saw this thing and wanted to snatch it, how could he resist it?

If he loses the hibiscus wood, his brother's practice speed will be greatly reduced, and then he will be in big trouble!

It was precisely because of this that the two risked angering Lin Long and stayed behind closed doors, hoping that the boss would think that there was no one here and leave on his own.

Fortunately, the other party really left.

However, what Di Jun and Tai Yi didn't know was that Lin Long really didn't like a mere hibiscus tree.

Lin Long has already met four of the top ten innate spiritual roots that other creatures can hardly see in their lifetime.

He is even trying to cultivate even the world tree, a treasure that far surpasses the cognition of most creatures.

Once the world tree is successfully cultivated, there are as many spiritual roots as you want.

Therefore, the Dijun brothers are like a beggar worried that the richest man in the world is thinking about the three dollars and forty cents in his hands.

But they didn't know that if they met Lin Long and casually said a few words with Lin Long, it would be a great fortune.

It's a pity that this kind of good fortune was let go by the two brothers for nothing.


		