

[You have come to the coastline of the East China Sea, and you planned to find a place to hide your body, but after an incense stick of time, a battle between the three clans will break out here. 】

[If you choose to participate in the battle, there will be a 99% chance of dying directly, but a 1% chance of gaining a cultivation boost. 】

[You chose to avoid the war and choose to head all the way to the inaccessible East China Sea, and you will have a 70% chance of discovering the hidden Sanxian Island. 】


Lin Long looked helplessly at the reminder in his mind, thinking that in the present prehistoric world, battles can be seen everywhere.

Originally, they thought that the situation would be better after escaping from the fiercely fought valley, but they never expected that they all came to the East China Sea, and a battle was about to break out here.

However, it can be seen from this that the contradictions among the three tribes of the prehistoric and desolate have reached the point of irreconcilability, and it seems extremely extravagant to find a safe place.

However, before Lin Long could respond, a hint popped up in his mind again.

[You have sensed the upcoming battle, and comprehended the supernatural power of the thirty-six celestial gangs: know the future in reverse. 】

Lin Long suddenly opened his eyes wide.

"I sense the upcoming battle? I'm so awesome?"

He was a little unbelievable, but immediately found it quite interesting.

"This golden finger is one with me, reminding me that a battle will break out here, so it can be considered that I sensed the danger, so I used this perception to comprehend one of the thirty-six celestial powers to know the future... What the hell It's a bit like stepping on the right foot with the left foot and going straight to the sky."

Looking left and right, Lin Long lowered his eyes, and Ni Zhifu suddenly started.

In front of his eyes, Dao Dao pictures suddenly appeared, presented along the fragments of time.

In the picture, after a stick of incense, the shouts of killing gradually rose, and several green dragons flew out from nowhere, biting the phoenix soaring in the sky, blood spilled, and countless corpses fell from the sky...

No matter how far away...you can't see it.

"With my current cultivation base, I can only see such a small amount of time..."

Lin Long knew in his heart that the supernatural power of knowing the future was really powerful, but limited by the fact that he only had the cultivation base of a true immortal, he couldn't span too far.

[You have used supernatural powers to know the future, comprehended the fragments of time, and comprehended 1% of the law of time. 】

"Damn, it's really a left foot stepping on the right foot!"

Lin Long looked at the reminder in his mind, this golden finger really brought him a great surprise.

The law of time, one of the most powerful laws in the wild, can be practiced to the extreme, can reverse time, and span the long river of time!

However, this kind of law is extremely difficult to cultivate, and it seems that the only one who has comprehended this kind of law in the wild is Time Demon God.

At this time, the demon god existed before the opening of the sky, and had already fallen with Pangu's opening of the sky and the earth.

In other words, in today's prehistoric world, only Lin Long has comprehended the law of time!

Although it is only one percent, everything is difficult at the beginning. Once you get started, if you want to practice again, the difficulty will be reduced a lot.

"Cultivating this law is a matter for the future. Now we must find a way to ensure safety."

Lin Long clenched his fists. The cultivation base of a true immortal is really not enough in this world. After a stick of incense, there will be a big battle here, and he must leave immediately!

"Basically there are battles on the earth. No matter where you go, you will be doomed. You should continue to head towards the interior of the East China Sea. Relying on the magical power of knowing the future and the law of time, maybe you can really find the Three Immortals Island!"

He didn't forget the Sanxian Island mentioned in the reminder!

The so-called Sanxian Island refers to the three fairy islands of Penglai, Yingzhou, and Fangzhang!

These three fairy islands have been hidden in the world since the creation of the world. After Hongjun proved the Tao and preached in Zixiao Palace, the East Prince, who was destined to return, found these three fairy islands and brought them to the world. It is regarded as a dojo.

"Now that the three clans are fighting fiercely, Hongjun and Luo Hu probably don't know where the cat is waiting to make a fortune. Naturally, these three fairy islands are still ownerless."

Lin Long unfolded his figure and immediately jumped away. He was going to find Sanxian Island!

At least, from now until Prince Dong finds these three fairy islands, Sanxian Island is an absolutely safe place!

"Safety comes first. There is a 70% chance of finding these three fairy islands. The chances are not small!"

Compared with the 70% probability of finding Sanxian Island, the probability of staying here and waiting for the battle to die is 100%!

Of course he knows how to choose.

Safety first!

[You went three thousand miles deep into the East China Sea and wanted to find the Sanxian Island, but you couldn't figure it out, so you used the magical power of knowing the future and got the location of the Sanxian Island. 】

Just after Lin Longfei flew away from the coastline of the East China Sea and flew towards the interior of the sea for an unknown period of time, he still didn't see any islands, let alone the legendary Sanxian Island.

At this moment, when he began to doubt whether the 70% chance would be the same as the 99% chance in his previous life, a reminder appeared in his mind again.

"Knowing the future can save a lot of effort. I only need to predict which direction I will search in, and I can perceive which direction has a greater chance of finding Sanxian Island."

He seems to be stuck in a bug right now, his main body is not moving at all, but relying on the inverse knowledge of the future to detect the direction of his future search.

The prompt popped up again.

[You have used your magical powers to know the future. There is an island thirty thousand miles away in the east. There is an innate formation on it. There may be treasures inside, but you chose to give up. 】

[You have used your supernatural powers to know the future. Fifteen thousand miles to the north, there is a battle between the dragon clan and the unicorn clan. You choose to avoid the edge temporarily. 】

[You used your supernatural powers to know the future. There are three islands surrounded by innate formations four thousand miles to the south. You intuitively thought that they were the Three Immortal Islands, so you rushed over, and it turned out to be the three Immortal Islands you wanted to hide in. 】


As the reminder emerged in his mind, Lin Long did not hesitate, and immediately displayed his body shape, turned into a streamer towards the south, and galloped away.

Four thousand miles is not too far away, and with his cultivation base, it is completely enough to support him to the target location.

Sure enough, under the blessing of Yufeng Liuyun, Lin Long came four thousand miles away in a short time. From a distance, he felt three clusters of aura.

"It's no wonder that no one can discover these three islands except for the East Prince, whom the destiny belongs to. The role of the innate formations other than these three islands is to hide the Three Immortals Island."

After closing his eyes and feeling the strength of these three formations, Lin Long once again used the Future Reversing Technique.

[You used your supernatural powers to know the future, and you didn't notice any danger, so you began to refine the formation with peace of mind and break the restriction. 】

Following the prompt, Lin Long nodded in satisfaction.

He didn't want to be disturbed by other creatures when he was refining the formation, after all, safety came first.


		