

Seeing Hou Yi leave, Lin Long showed a satisfied smile on his face.

With the two talisman cards that I refined, plus the power of cause and effect attached to them, it is absolutely possible for the two little guys to meet inadvertently.

Hou Yi naturally didn't know Lin Long's abacus. At this time, he followed Lin Long's order, carried his own bow and arrows, and went to the prehistoric region, intending to hone his skills and find an opportunity to break through the middle stage of Da Luo Jinxian.

At that time, after tempering the essence and blood of the twelve ancestor witches, I can become the thirteenth ancestor witch of the witch clan, which is a great honor for any member of the witch clan.

The prehistoric land, the time delay, the vicissitudes of life.

The two clans of Liches withdrew from the prehistoric world, and the Immortal League shrank to the little Penglai in the East China Sea. On the entire prehistoric land, what remained were some great powers, or small races, or some ferocious beasts that had not yet awakened their spiritual wisdom.


On this day, on a remote mountain range in the prehistoric east, a burly figure appeared on the top of the mountain.

This figure is holding a bow, eyes like lightning, standing on a high place, looking around, it is Hou Yi!

suddenly!

Hou Yi's eyes were fixed, and in an instant, he took out a long arrow from the quiver on his back and put it on the bowstring.

The next moment, the bowstring was full!

Whoosh! ! !

The arrow shot out suddenly, leaving behind a sonic boom!

Looking thousands of miles away, a fierce beast with a body like a hill is already dead and can't die anymore.

At the position of its head, there is a huge blood hole several meters wide.

"I'll eat you tonight!"

A smile appeared on Hou Yi's face.

He grew up among the witch clan since he was a child, and this is the first time he has officially traveled to the prehistoric region. This journey has been going on for hundreds of years!

He honed his skills and cultivation by hunting fierce beasts.

Today, he can already easily hunt and kill ferocious beasts in the middle stage of Da Luo Jinxian with the bow and arrow in his hand, as well as wild beasts that have not yet opened their intelligence.

After all, once the spiritual wisdom is activated, it is considered a demon clan, and the relationship between the two Lich clans is not tense now, so there is no need to start a war for some appetite.

After hunting this fierce beast, Hou Yi wanted to go forward to pack up his prey.

But at this moment!

"Help!"

"Help!"

A cry for help reached Hou Yi's ears.

"Um?"

Hou Yi paused, and looked in the direction of the sound.

As a great witch who is good at using bows and arrows, besides strength, Hou Yi's most outstanding thing is eyesight.

With the naked eye alone, Hou Yi could easily see the situation thousands of miles away.

Focusing his eyes, he saw a woman in a fiery red robe with a delicate face about three thousand miles away in the depths of the forest below, fleeing in a panic.

Because of fear, the woman's beautiful face appeared a little pale at this moment.

Not far behind her, a ferocious beast that had the early cultivation base of Da Luo Jinxian but had not yet developed spiritual wisdom kept chasing it.

It was obvious that this woman was used as rations.

According to this situation, it may not be long before the woman will become the prey of this ferocious beast.

This mountain range was the battlefield of fierce beasts and hundreds of innate races in ancient times.

Although the Beast Emperor Shen Ni has long been eliminated, due to the influence of remnant souls, some powerful and ignorant beasts will be born from time to time.

These guys do not belong to the monster clan. In the prehistoric world, any living beings would choose to kill them when they encountered them.

But there are also many creatures who died at the hands of these fierce beasts.

"This girl from the Monster Race is only in the realm of the Taiyi Golden Immortal, and she dares to come here, what a fool!"

Hou Yi frowned slightly. Relying on his strong bow skills, he deliberately came here to seek a breakthrough, which is the legendary excitement.

But this monster woman only has the cultivation base of Taiyi Jinxian, and she dares to come here!

What a guts!

Of course, having said that, but in view of Master's usual teachings, Hou Yi didn't stop, and drew out a black arrow again, and put it on the bowstring!

Bow, aim!

The curved longbow made a creaking sound, but Hou Yi's hand did not shake at all like an iron strike.

Aim the arrow at the beast!

The ferocious beast didn't notice the impending danger at all, and all its attention was still on the fleeing monster woman.

"Roar!!!"

The ferocious beast roared, and with its hind legs exerting force, it rushed towards the Yaozu woman.

This pounce was so fast that the Yaozu woman had no time to react.

The huge body of the beast pressed towards the woman like a mountain, the huge shadow was like a dark cloud cover, and the woman's face showed despair.

"My life is over..."

On the nick of time!

Whoosh! ! !

A sound of breaking through the air suddenly came, and the next moment, a stream of light slid along the hair beside the woman's ear.

Immediately afterwards, a whine was heard.

The woman closed her eyes, but the expected pain did not come.

After a while, the woman opened her eyes in fear.

I saw that the fierce beast that kept chasing him just now had fallen to the ground lifeless.

Blood continued to flow from the head wound.

At some point, a burly man with a bow and arrow appeared beside him.

Just seeing the man, the woman suddenly felt a sense of security.

Somewhere, there seems to be another feeling that pulls both parties.

The woman's tense nerves were suddenly relieved at this moment, and before Hou Yi could react, the woman threw herself into his arms and burst into tears.

"This……"

The descendant who has always been a straight man of steel suddenly became at a loss.

Among the witch clan, even the women are mostly rough. When did Hou Yi see such a weak woman with pear blossoms and rain?

The point is, for some reason, there is a feeling in the dark, as if pulling Hou Yi to hold the woman tightly in his arms.

After a while, the woman stopped crying, wiped her tears, and left Hou Yi's arms in embarrassment, with her head lowered, her face like a ripe red apple.

"Yes, I'm sorry, I was too scared just now."

The woman's voice was soft, yet ethereal.

Hou Yi's heart was agitated for a while, seeing the beautiful face of the woman, Hou Yi couldn't help but blush.

It was also fortunate that his skin color was that of wheat, and the woman couldn't look at it with her head down, otherwise, if the other party found out that she was also blushing, it would be a joke.

Seeing that Houyi was still silent, the woman said again: "Well, thank you for saving me. My name is Dihua. I don't know how to call my benefactor?"

Hou Yi shook violently, and suddenly realized: "Oh, I, my name is Hou Yi!"

While talking, Hou Yi scratched his head honestly.

This appearance directly made Dihua laugh when he looked up.

"Hehe, Hou Yi benefactor, thank you very much today, if it weren't for you, I'm afraid I would have died at the hands of this fierce beast."

"It's a trivial matter, it's nothing to worry about, girl, this is the beast mountain range, it's very dangerous, why did you come here alone?"

Hou Yi asked with concern.

"I... I'm lost."

Dihua replied hesitantly.

In the void, Lin Long looked at these two people and couldn't help shaking his head slightly.

When Hou Yi was a kid, when he was in the Wu Clan, he had never seen him so simple and honest.

With his eyesight, he can naturally see that the talisman cards on the waists of the two little guys are exuding the power of cause and effect, constantly pulling each other.

The cause and effect of the two have been faintly entangled, and if there is no accident, the two will be able to combine in a short time.

When Lin Long was thinking in his heart, suddenly a breath came from far to near.

"I didn't expect this one to come."


		