

"You are in the North Sea. My Dragon Clan is in charge of the Primordial Water Clan. You are one of them. What's the point of sitting idly by?"

The speaking Dragon Clan took it for granted.

After Kunpeng heard this, the corner of his mouth twitched, why didn't I make a move, Mr. Xindao? It's just that the one I helped was not the Dragon God, but the Mosquito Taoist, and for this reason, I even got involved.

But right now, this cannot be said to the two Dragon Clans.

But with his personality, facing this questioning tone, his complexion darkened all of a sudden.

The information that Lin Long asked himself to pass on had already been passed on by himself.

Since the master doesn't allow himself to suppress his character too much, it is absolutely impossible for him to be so easy-going according to his temper of vengeance!

"Hmph, I'm not from the dragon clan. Although I live in Beihai, I have no obligation to help the Dragon God of your dragon clan to stop Daoist Mosquito!"

"I have already told you what you want to know. It is very rude to yell in front of my dojo. You are a first-time offender. Don't bother with you for the time being. Leave as soon as possible!"

Considering the other party's identity, Kunpeng still didn't go too far.

But even so, after these two sentences were finished, the faces of the two dragons on the opposite side suddenly became gloomy.

"Presumptuous! You bastard, who are you talking to?!"

After the words fell, Kunpeng turned around abruptly, and in an instant, a sharp claw came out suddenly!

Before the two dragons could react, Kunpeng had already grabbed them with one claw.

The feeling of death welled up in my heart.

"Kunpeng! How dare you! We are dragons!"

When death was imminent, the two dragons were stern, and they were still stubborn.

At this time, Kunpeng became murderous, and his sharp claws slowly exerted force, and blood began to flow out along the bodies of the two dragons.

Even though Kunpeng was vulnerable in front of Lin Long, he was a strong man in the late stage of Da Luo Jinxian, and he was really free to deal with these two dragons who were in the early stage of Da Luo and had ordinary blood.

However, just when the two dragons were about to be crushed, Kunpeng was startled suddenly, and then let go of his hand.

"Forget it, Nian you are from the Dragon Clan. For the sake of the Dragon Clan, I will let you die. If there is a next time, I will definitely kill you!"

After all, Kunpeng threw the two dragons in his hand and directly threw them out of his territory.

And Lin Long, who had been observing in the dark, nodded in satisfaction.

The effect of the avenue contract is really good.

Just now when he asked Kunpeng to deal with this matter, he might not have investigated Kunpeng's thoughts.

With Kunpeng's personality, he must have slaughtered the two dragons without any nonsense, and then left this place to find a place to practice again.

This has no effect on Kunpeng, but it is very troublesome to him.

After all, I am currently cultivating, and if I change places easily, it will be extremely detrimental to my cultivation.

Just now, he also wanted to see if Kunpeng could think of this under the restriction of the Dao contract.

Lin Long was very satisfied with the final result.

At the most critical moment, Kunpeng made the most correct choice.

Once Kunpeng killed those two dragons just now, Lin Long would not hesitate to kill Kunpeng!

A servant who can't always put his master's interests first in his heart is a disaster to keep!

At this moment, Kunpeng just instinctively thought that it would bring trouble to Lin Long, so he released the two dragon clans.

But he didn't know at all that he had just walked between life and death.

"Master, those two dragons have been sent away, but if you let them go, will more dragons come to seek revenge? If it affects your cultivation..."

After Kunpeng finished everything, he sent a voice transmission to Lin Long.

"Well, you did a good job. As for the Dragon Clan seeking revenge, it won't happen. The three clans are now fighting fiercely, and the Dragon Clan will not force you into the camps of the Phoenix Clan and the Qilin Clan."

For this point, Lin Long can guess without deduction.

As long as the brains of the high-level dragon clan are in order, it is impossible to force a top power like Kunpeng to death.

Otherwise, it would be troublesome if these great powers ruthlessly jumped into the opponent's camp.

Therefore, the best result is that the dragon clan will ignore this matter, and will not come to trouble until after the fierce battle between the three clans.

But at that time, Lin Long is not afraid of this matter. Besides, after the fierce battle between the three clans, the dragon clan will be lonely, and at that time, they will not be able to come here to make trouble.

Kunpeng nodded, then stepped back, leaving Lin Long to practice quietly in the depths of the demon master's palace.

Thinking back to the arrival of the two dragons just now and the news he received recently, Lin Long frowned involuntarily.

"It seems that the decisive battle between the dragon clan, the phoenix clan and the unicorn clan is coming soon."

"If this is the case, the day when Luo Hu and Hongjun will fight is not far away."

In fact, what really worried Lin Long was never what happened to the three clans, but Luo Hui and Hongjun, the two eldest sons who had been pushing behind the back of the three clans.

During the decisive battle between the three clans, these two guys are definitely stronger than the patriarch of the three clans.

Now seeing the imminent battle of the three clans, his own strength is even worse than the patriarch of the three clans.

When the three clans ended, Hongjun, an old man, would use Honghuang's rules to completely block the bloodline potential of the three clans.

And if he fails to completely cut off the cause and effect of the dragon clan by then, he will also be implicated at that time.

Moreover, even if you get rid of the cause and effect of the dragon clan, this matter must be resolved.

As for how to solve it, of course it is necessary to be able to negotiate terms with these two guys, Hongjun Luohu.

If you want to negotiate conditions with these two old guys, the first point is that you have enough strength.

Otherwise, let alone negotiating conditions, it would be good if the two black-hearted old guys didn't clean themselves up directly.

"It seems that we still have to hurry up. Put aside the body of Daoist Mosquito for the time being, and improve your own strength first!"

After feeling the pressure, Lin Long took a deep breath and began to practice harder.

[You have absorbed the middle-grade innate spirit fruit, and the strength of your physical body has increased...]

[You understand the law of time, and the proficiency of the law of time increases...]

[You understand the law of space, and the proficiency of the law of space increases...]

[You comprehend the pupil of the supernatural powers, the unquenchable fire of karma, the law of heaven and earth...]

With the help of Dao's favor, Lin Long began to crazily improve the various means he had mastered.

As time passed, Lin Long's own strength was also improving rapidly.

And the two dragon clans who lost their lives under Kunpeng in Beihai also reported the matter in Beihai, and the news reached Zulong's ears.

"Did that green dragon appear in Beihai?"

"Since you are in Beihai, why don't you join the war!"

How can Zulong not be angry if he has such a strong combat power but can't use it.

But in the face of Zulong's words, the rest of the Dragon Clan executives naturally did not dare to say anything more.

Zulong didn't expect them to say anything constructive, so he immediately said again: "Send some dragons to look for the trace of Qingmu Dragon God, and tell him that he must come back to participate in this battle! Otherwise, he will be kicked out of the dragons!"

"As for Kunpeng, when the war between the three clans is over, I will lead my clansmen to personally clean up these guys who underestimate the dragon clan!"

During this period of time, not only Kunpeng and Sanqing dared to disobey the Dragon Clan, but also some other creatures who were not very honest.

Zu Long did not forget that these guys offended the Dragon Clan.

It's just that right now is not the time to take care of them.

The Cyanwood Dragon God can't be found for the time being, but the battle with the Phoenix and Qilin clans is still to be fought.

"Command, from now on, I will personally lead the army to destroy the Phoenix and Qilin clans!"

"Above the North Sea, compete with him!"

A gust of wind rose, and the huge Zulong's body turned into a middle-aged man with a strong expression.

The man's eyebrows are full of domineering.

At this moment, the decisive battle between the three clans has officially started.

The reason why Zulong chose Beihai as the battlefield was naturally because he hoped that the Aoki Dragon God would show up.

Above the prehistoric times, the way of heaven gradually manifests itself.

Countless creatures realized that the catastrophe was coming, and they hid in their dojos and stopped wandering around.

And some top powers felt something, and they all shook their heads and sighed.

"The catastrophe is coming. I don't know how many lives will die this time."


		