

Originally, Lin Long just wanted to take a casual look, but when he looked at the fairy island below, his curiosity was immediately aroused.

Lin Long was sure that there was absolutely no such fairy island in the East China Sea before.

The island came later.

After a little perception, the people living on this island are not dragons.

"Now the dragon clan's control over the four seas is still not strong enough. An island appeared for no reason, but they didn't report it."

Lin Long shook his head and looked at the location of the fairy island. It was at the top of the Dragon Palace in the East China Sea. It was basically built next to the Dragon Palace. To put it seriously, it would not be an exaggeration to provoke the Dragon Clan.

If it was placed in the period when the three clans were fighting for hegemony, if there were any creatures who dared to be so presumptuous, they would have died countless times.

"Forget it, I am also the dragon god of the dragon clan. It is my arrangement to put some dragon clans with no potential in the wild. Now that we have encountered them, let's understand what's going on first."

Lin Long floated down, stood outside the restriction on the fairy island, closed his eyes slightly, and analyzed the restriction on the island with his divine sense.

Although the avatar is not the main body, and the comprehension of the formation method is not as powerful as the main body, but this is also relative, and it is a piece of cake to analyze the prohibition in front of the avatar.

In the blink of an eye, the restriction has been thoroughly analyzed by Lin Long.

The array controller didn't even realize that he had lost control of the restriction before he knew it.

Lin Long didn't rush in rashly, but probed inward with his divine sense.

Within the restriction, a strange scene came into view.

A magnificent palace sits in the very center of the island.

Although it is very gorgeous, it doesn't have the slightest temperament of a fairy family, and it looks like a nouveau riche.

The corners of Lin Long's eyes couldn't help twitching.

Good guy, if you don't say this, who would have thought that this is a fairy dojo?

And after looking at the plaque in the palace, Lin Long also knew who the master of the dojo was.

The three big characters of Zizhoufu stand on the plaque.

"I didn't expect that I removed the Three Immortals Island, and the East Prince actually built an Immortal Island in the East China Sea."

Lin Long couldn't remember clearly. In the original plot, whether the East Prince established the Immortal Court or Zifu Prefecture first, but this is not important. Fuzhou wants to dominate the prehistoric road.

After all, the nouveau riche palace in front of him is enough to explain his ambition.

Knowing who lived here, Lin Long suddenly became less angry.

It really counts as stealing other people's dojo by himself.

"Hongjun hasn't started preaching yet, and Dongwanggong and Dijun don't know each other yet, but it can be seen from the layout of this palace that Dongwanggong himself is also a master who loves power and greedy for vanity."

In Honghuang, Duke Dong was just an abandoned son, and his arrogance would not last long. Based on the principle that one thing more is worse than one thing less, Lin Long shook his head and prepared to leave.

However, just when Lin Long was about to turn around and leave, a figure seemed to have just woken up from cultivation and walked out of the palace.

After seeing Lin Long, his eyes widened and his eyes narrowed.

"Fellow Taoist, why are you in my Zifu prefecture?"

Hearing this, the person in front of him should be the Eastern Prince.

Lin Long didn't bother to explain, so he found a reason to prevaricate: "Wuhe, I strayed into this place in the East China Sea. I thought it was a fairy island without a master, but I didn't expect a fellow Taoist to be here. I didn't mean to offend, so I left now. .”

He wanted to leave, but the Dong Wanggong's eyes lit up: "Haha, fellow Taoist, you are welcome. Since passing by here, it means that you and I are destined. Why don't you sit down and have a cup of tea, so that I can show my kindness as a landlord."

"By the way, I forgot to introduce. I am the Duke of the East. You can call me Daoyou or Daoist."

When he said this, it was not easy for Lin Long to leave, and it would be fine if he forcibly left, but it seemed too deliberate.

"Okay, don't bother me then, I'll ask for a cup of tea too."

"Haha, don't bother, don't bother, fellow daoists please."

The Eastern Prince was extremely enthusiastic, and soon led Lin Long to the palace.

Entering the palace is far more dazzling than watching it outside.

This is not hyperbole, but literally.

More than 80% of the palace of the Eastern Prince is made of gold.

Under the sun, it is particularly dazzling!

Although it looks quite grand, there is always an indescribable sense of low coercion.

"Fellow Daoist, how are you doing? I built this palace myself, and without boasting, it's no different than the Dragon God Palace of the Dragon Clan."

The corners of Lin Long's eyes twitched slightly, good guy, you really dare to say that if the Dragon Temple in the Dragon God Realm dared to build it like this, Lin Long could kill those juniors who built the palace with his backhand.

But after thinking about it, he felt wrong, how could the Eastern Prince know what the Dragon God Realm was like?

"Fellow Daoist, have you seen the Dragon Temple?"

Lin Long opened his mouth to ask, the Eastern Prince's expression froze, and he smiled awkwardly: "Hehe, that's not true, but it must be similar to the Eastern Sea Dragon Palace."

"It turned out to be imaginary."

Lin Long chuckled lightly, but didn't say anything.

Sitting in the main hall, Prince Dong raised his hand and ordered the boy under his seat to serve tea, and then the two started chatting.

They said it was just chatting, but they were basically listening to the East Prince showing off and his grand plans for the future.

Although he has not yet been named the head of male immortals, Prince Dong has already revealed some of his ambitions.

It's just that this ambition seems very naive to Lin Long.

This Eastern Prince is obviously a master with high eyesight and low hands.

In terms of strength, this Eastern Prince can only be ranked second-rate among the prehistoric.

It's just that you have just entered the late stage of Da Luo Jinxian. This kind of realm is not to say that you can catch a lot in the prehistoric world, but in the real powerful circle, this kind of cultivation is basically no different from ants.

As for ambition, Duke Dong has not yet set his sights on the entire prehistoric world, but just wants to form a force that completely obeys him.

Dong Wanggong is more obsessed with power.

Lin Long was analyzing Dong Wanggong's character when suddenly Dong Wang Gong changed the topic.

"Fellow Daoist strayed into my dojo, you and I hit it off right away, I will not hide some things from you, I want to form a party to fight for hegemony, I don't know if you would like to join me, and join hands with me to create great things!"

Hearing this, Lin Long was stunned for a moment.

What's the matter?

Why did I hit it off with you?

Said it was a cup of tea, but I haven't even finished a cup of tea!

This Eastern Prince is also in a hurry, right?

Resisting the feeling of slapping the opponent twice, Lin Long asked patiently: "Fellow Daoist, are those words a bit abrupt?"

Unexpectedly, Prince Dong actually laughed out loud: "Don't pretend, fellow daoist, didn't you come here just to join?"

"what?"

Now, Lin Long couldn't figure out the brain circuit of Duke Dong.

Seeing Lin Long's reaction, Prince Dong immediately opened his mouth to explain.

"A few days ago, I issued a notice throughout the East China Sea. Anyone who is willing to join my subordinates can come by themselves."

"The name of this island is Little Penglai."

"To tell you the truth, my name is Little Penglai, but I'm actually a little humble."

"I heard that Honghuang has a great power named Qingmu Dragon God, and there are also three fairy islands, which were once in the East China Sea."

"The names are Abbot, Yingzhou, and Penglai."

"I spent a lot of resources, but only built this fairy island. It can be seen that it is not far behind his three."

"In the future, this little Penglai will be the foundation of our forces."

The more Lin Long listened, the more he wanted to laugh.

This resplendent and magnificent palace is already quite popular, but your three-acre land is not as big as a latrine, how dare you call it Penglai?

Not to mention that Sanxian Island has been rebuilt and expanded by Lin Long many times now, even the Sanxian Island that was formed naturally before is much more magnificent than the broken island of Duke Dong.

After listening to this for a long time, Lin Long finally wanted to understand why Duke Dong was besieged and beaten to death in the end, as a great power and was even named the head of male immortals by Hongjun.

This is so innocent and deserves it!

Shaking his head, Lin Long didn't bother to listen any longer, and said immediately: "My fellow Taoist, I still have some things to do, but I just entered this place by mistake, and I didn't come to take refuge in you. Stay longer and say goodbye!"

After finishing speaking, Lin Long pulled away and left.

I'm really too lazy to listen to this stuff.


		