

"Let him in, let's see what he has to say, if something really happens, I will take action!"

After Lin Long finished speaking, Xi He and Chang Xi nodded.

Now that Lin Long has said so, the two sisters naturally have nothing to say.

Immediately, Xi He made a move, the formation was opened, and the restriction that was shrouded in the moon star quietly dissipated.

Standing outside the ashram, Hongjun was holding a dust whisk in his hand, and said with a smile, "Poor Daoist Hongjun, I have met two fellow Taoists, Xi and Changxi."

In order to get the second daughter, Hongjun's figure is naturally not high.

Before Zixiao Palace heard the sermon, the two daughters Xihe and Changxi did not go, and Hongjun and Hongjun were not regarded as masters and apprentices.

Therefore, no matter from which aspect, Hongjun has no reason to suppress others with his status.

However, after he finished speaking, he raised his eyes and saw a figure, which immediately made Hongjun stunned.

"Lin Long? Why are you here..."

With Hongjun's cultivation base, of course it can be seen that Lin Long is a clone.

But why is he here?

At this moment, an ominous premonition suddenly rose in Hongjun's heart.

When meeting Lin Long, nothing good happens!

Why is he here? Why are you with Xi and sisters?

Also, this formation outside the lunar star is by no means something that ordinary monks in the Da Luo Jinxian realm can arrange!

Hongjun was still a little strange before, how Xihe and Changxi arranged such a formation, but now, Hongjun seems to have a vague understanding.

This **** is simply the formation arranged by Lin Long!

Being able to deduce such great supernatural powers as the Heaven and Earth Sword Furnace by relying on the Jade Immortal Sword Formation, Lin Long's formation skills can be seen. With his formation skills, it is a breeze to arrange such a formation.

But letting Lin Long help arrange the formation, the relationship between Xi He and Lin Long...

Thinking of this, Hongjun's face became extremely ugly.

Hongjun recognized his avatar, Lin Long didn't intend to continue to hide it, nodded and smiled and said, "Fellow Daoist Hongjun, isn't this a coincidence."

The two have just fought against each other for only a few years. For Hong Huang, these few years are just the blink of an eye.

Little did they know that at this moment Lin Long was smiling on his face, but secretly rejoicing in his heart.

This old guy Hongjun is really cautious in doing things. According to the results of Lin Long's deduction based on knowing the future, Di Jun will only have an heir after 100,000 years. It has already started to protect the media.

If he came a step late, maybe this old guy really got his way.

"It turns out that Dao Patriarch came to visit. My sister's lunar star is really radiant. Dao Patriarch, please come in. Don't stand outside."

As the host, Xihe couldn't let the guests stand outside the dojo, and Hongjun's status was unusual, so naturally he couldn't treat him like an ordinary creature.

Although Hongjun's face is not good-looking, but now the world is uncertain, and he didn't even say why he came, so it is impossible to see Lin Long here and leave, right?

Suppressing the disgust towards Lin Long in his heart, Hong Jun squeezed out a smile, and nodded towards Xi and the two daughters: "So, I'm bothering you two."

When the four of them entered the Taiyin Star again, Xi He didn't exchange too many greetings, and said, "I just saw Daozu's expression, and I don't need my sister to introduce. Daozu and our brother Lin are also familiar. I don't know that Zu came here this time." What's the matter?"

"Brother Lin?"

Hongjun's heart sank again.

Damn it, even the address is so intimate, now it's over again.

"Damn Lin Long, why is he able to take the lead in everything!"

Hongjun cursed angrily in his heart, this matter is difficult.

However, it is difficult to do, but it has to be done!

Hongjun looked at Xi and Chang Xi, tried his best to make his expression more amiable, and said with a smile: "Xi and Chang Xi, two fellow Taoists, it is true that the old Taoist has something to do here today, but this matter is a bit abrupt, I hope you two Fairy forgive me."

Xi He and Chang Xi looked at each other, raised their eyebrows slightly, and glanced at Lin Long at the side from the corner of their eyes.

Now, Lin Long is also embarrassed, why does this old bastard, Hongjun, still steal my lines?

But when Hongjun appeared at this time, Lin Long was still a little happy, and he could use Hongjun's mouth to speak out.

At least I don't have to be so embarrassed.

With himself, under the same conditions, Lin Long did not believe that Xi He and Chang Xi would agree to Hong Jun.

As for using force, it is even more impossible. If it is force, it is not a heavenly marriage, but a kidnapping.

I only heard Hong Jun say: "Two fairies, the old Taoist came here this time to protect the two fairies. I don't know if the two fairies have heard of the demon emperor Jun of the demon clan?"

"Demon Emperor Jun?"

Xihe and Changxi looked at each other, their eyes were full of doubts, and for a moment they didn't know who Hongjun was talking about.

This is also normal, after all, they have never been out of the lunar star, and they don't pay much attention to the prehistoric events. If it hadn't been for Hongjun's high-profile pretense to use the sound transmission of heaven to show his sanctification, they might not even know who Hongjun is.

Lin Long, on the other hand, gave a dry cough and reminded softly: "Di Jun was born from the sun star."

"Oh, it turned out to be him!"

It was only then that Xi He and Chang Xi suddenly realized.

"It turned out to be him!"

Back then when Lin Long was preaching on the Taiyin Star, wasn't it because the guys from the two Sun Stars wanted to forcibly break through the Taiyin Star Formation, but Lin Long repelled it with a snap of his fingers?

Although they didn't know which of the two Di Jun was, Xi He and the sisters didn't have the slightest affection for those two.

Thinking of this, Xi He and Chang Xi's faces became a little colder.

Hongjun was extremely keen, and immediately noticed something was wrong.

"You two fairies, do you know Di Jun? To tell you the truth, Di Jun is now the overlord of the world in the prehistoric world, and there are hundreds of millions of monsters under his command!"

Hongjun was afraid that the matter would not work out, so he didn't care about showing off right now, so he said directly: "I pinch my fingers and calculate that there should be a marriage between the two fairies and that Dijun, which is the will of God. The old man came here today to facilitate this matter." !"

"Once the heavenly marriage is established, it will be of great benefit to the two fairies. At that time, the heaven will send merit and virtue, and there is hope for the cultivation of the Dao!"

In order to facilitate the marriage to achieve his own goals, Hongjun didn't care about his identity at all, and just opened his mouth to make big cakes.

With his status as Taoist ancestor, it is absolutely impossible to force Xi and the two daughters, so the only way is to lure them!

It's a pity that Hong Junkong is the ancestor of Taoism, but he doesn't understand the temperament of Xi and the two daughters.

Although the merits of the Heavenly Dao are good, it is absolutely impossible for Xi He and Chang Xi to marry someone they hate because of this!

Besides, with Lin Longzhuyu in front, even if they didn't hate Dijun, it was impossible for them to look at others.

Sure enough, as soon as Hongjun finished speaking, the faces of Xihe and Changxi became extremely ugly.

"Daozu, my sister and I have no such plan for the time being. I am afraid that my sister and I will not be blessed with this kind of merit. Please ask Daozu to find someone else."

After finishing speaking, the two sisters no longer looked at Hongjun, and the meaning of chasing guests was very clear.

Hongjun's face became even uglier.

In his capacity, when had he been so polite to two mere Da Luo Jinxian creatures?

Seeing Lin Long enjoying the sweet-scented osmanthus wine by the side, Hong Jun was even more furious!

If it wasn't for Lin Long, why would he have so many troubles?

This damn Lin Long!

Seeing that Hongjun seemed to be unable to suppress the fire, Lin Long took two sips of sweet-scented osmanthus wine and put down his cup: "Ancestor Dao, you can't force this day's marriage, or you will be punished by heaven."

Lin Long looked like I was doing it for you, but Hongjun's gums were about to be crushed.

But his words also reminded Hongjun.

This matter really cannot be forced!

Once I really forcibly force the two of Xihe to submit, then not only will I not be able to let Tiandao recognize the heavenly marriage, it may even affect my own cultivation!

"Lin Long, it's all you!"

Thinking of this, Hongjun gritted his teeth and stared at Lin Long.

On the other hand, Lin Long didn't take it seriously: "Fellow Daoist Hongjun, the laurel cream and sweet-scented osmanthus brew here are really good, do you want to try it? Otherwise, wouldn't it be a waste of time?"

These words made Hongjun tremble all over with anger.

My intention here is to facilitate a heavenly marriage, not to drink some sweet-scented osmanthus brew!

"Hmph, since the two fairies don't want it, I can't force it, so I leave!"

Hongjun waved his whisk, took a deep breath, turned and left.

But Lin Long was unmoved, as long as Hongjun lived better than him, he couldn't bear it. On the contrary, seeing Hongjun being deflated and angry, he felt a lot more relieved.

"Brother Lin, didn't you just say that you have something to discuss with my sister? You haven't said what it is yet."

Just when Lin Long was enjoying himself, Chang Xi smiled and leaned into Lin Long's ear and said.

All of a sudden, Wen Xiang whispered into Lin Long's ears.


		