

Thinking of her anger with Yuanshi Tianzun because of Lin Long in Zixiao Palace, Nuwa suddenly felt a little shy, unwilling to continue chatting on this topic, she hurriedly said: "Brother Lin, you suddenly appeared to see my little sister, Is there something wrong? If there is something wrong, please speak up, and the younger sister will definitely help you with all your strength!"

Seeing that Nu Wa got straight to the point, Lin Long simply put down the teacup, opened the skylight and said frankly: "I am looking for you this time because I have something to do."

Lin Long was so serious, Nuwa also became serious: "Brother, please tell me."

"There is a disagreement between me and Hongjun. This matter has been widely spread in Honghuang. The reason why I came to you is to ask you to help me contain it in the future..."

Before Lin Long finished speaking, Nuwa immediately nodded without hesitation: "Okay!"

She was so straightforward and decisive, but Lin Long was stunned for a moment: "You don't ask me what I want you to do, and you don't ask how terrible Hongjun's real strength is."

Nu Wa smiled and said, "I believe Brother Lin will not harm me."

At this moment, Nu Wa no longer looks like the top power of the prehistoric era, she is clearly a silly girl who was sold to help count the money.

Lin Long shook his head and smiled: "Forget it, since you said so, I will not hide some things from you. The main purpose of Hongjun accepting you as his disciples is to train you into new saints and take charge of the prehistoric world on his behalf. , Of course, there is another purpose now, and that is to restrain me."

"Hongjun intends to control the whole prehistoric world and make everything run under his control, but I have a personality that doesn't like being controlled by others."

"In recent years, Hongjun and I haven't fought many times, and our cultivation bases can be regarded as evenly matched, but we both know very well that once either party reveals a flaw, the other party will definitely seize the opportunity and completely obliterate the other party!"

"There are many masters in the Dragon God Realm, but there are none who follow the way of saints. I want to train them to break through to the Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian, which cannot be done in a short time."

"And you, Nuwa, can become a saint in a short time!"

Speaking of this, Lin Long looked at Nu Wa seriously: "So, I need your help."

"Brother Lin, I am willing to help you!"

Nuwa said in disbelief: "But, can I really become a saint?"

Although she was accepted as a disciple by Hongjun, Nuwa never thought that she could also become a saint!

Even though she is now ahead of most of the living beings in the prehistoric world, the only thought in Nu Wa's mind is to practice normally and strive to improve every day. As for becoming a saint, she dare not even think about it.

It can only be said that Nuwa herself is not an ambitious character.

Lin Long nodded seriously and said, "That's right, you can become a saint!"

"If you want to become a saint of heaven, you must have the primordial purple energy. I don't have this thing now, but Hongjun has it."

"You have now successfully beheaded the three corpses. Before you become a saint, you have reached the perfection of the quasi-sage. After you reach the saint, your cultivation level is almost the same as that of the Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian."

"I will think of a way, or maybe I still have a way that doesn't require the primordial purple qi, so you don't have to worry."

"What you have to do is to help me contain other saints!"

As long as Hongjun's men are still unavailable, even if Hongjun's cultivation is improved again, the situation will be the same as before.

Hongjun can't help himself.

As for the old boy Hongjun who would tamper with the primordial purple energy of the six saints, Lin Long naturally had a way to solve it.

"Um."

Nuwa nodded, pondered for a moment and said: "Brother Lin, I am willing to help you, but you just said that Hongjun will support the six saints, if I am the only one, I am afraid I cannot restrain the other five..."

She was not worried about the difficulty, but only worried that she would not be able to complete the task assigned to her by Brother Lin.

Lin Long shook his head and said, "Don't worry, you don't have to worry about other things. Saints are existences beyond the prehistoric creatures. It is impossible for Hongjun to let the saints exist in the prehistoric world forever. He must have a way to restrict the saints. By then the saints will be the biggest They can only rely on their three corpses, otherwise Hongjun is also worried that the situation is out of his control."

"Also, I'll find help for you."

Hearing what Lin Long said, Nu Wa breathed a sigh of relief: "Okay, since this is the case, what Brother Lin wants me to do, just ask me."

"Okay, what I want is your words!"

Lin Long nodded, and took out something with his backhand.

"Nine Heavens Breathing Soil?"

Naturally, Nuwa is no stranger to this thing. Lin Long took the Nine Heavens Breathing Soil when she was taking treasures from Buzhou Mountain.

"This thing is for you. This thing is related to your chances of becoming a saint in the future, but remember, if someone wants to interfere with your merits, you must never agree. If there is pressure, I will help you!"

Listening to Lin Long's instructions, Nu Wa only felt confused, but she still nodded with a vague understanding.

Little did he know that Lin Long had no choice but to explain the matter in too much detail.

Hongjun did not send out the primordial purple energy, the birth of the human race was still a mystery, and he revealed too much, although he was not afraid of the punishment of heaven, but one would be easily noticed by Hongjun, and the other would harm Nuwa.

If so, the gain outweighs the loss.

But he wasn't worried, after all, Nuwa would be the first to testify and become a saint, and the timing didn't matter sooner or later.

Moreover, as the creator of the human race, as long as Nuwa does not nod, Sanqing's three religions will not be able to stand. At that time, when Nuwa is stuck here, sometimes Hongjun begs to come to the door.

He is not worried that Hongjun will do anything to Nuwa, because once the human race is established, Nuwa will have a lot of merit and virtue, and become a saint of heavenly merit.

Even Hongjun, the master, did not dare to act rashly, otherwise the heavens would come back, and Hongjun would not be able to bear the price.

"By the way, there is another thing. When Hongjun preaches for the third time, he will bestow the primordial purple energy. Remember not to store it in the primordial spirit. Bring it to me when the time comes."

After Lin Long finished giving instructions, Nu Wa nodded obediently: "Okay, Brother Lin, I will remember everything."

After everything was arranged properly, Lin Long heaved a sigh of relief.

The two sat opposite each other and drank tea, enjoying this rare tranquility.

Nuwa was looking for Lin Long before, because she wanted to know if Hongjun had some schemes against her, otherwise why would she choose herself as her disciple.

But now, it doesn't matter anymore. If I can help Brother Lin with my identity, that's enough.

As for Hongjun's calculation, with Big Brother Lin around, he can definitely solve it.

She has an extraordinary blind confidence in Lin Long.

Suddenly, Lin Long put down the teacup in his hand, and with a smile on his lips, he said, "Sister Nuwa, do you want to watch a play?"

Nuwa was stunned for a moment, then smiled brightly: "Everything is up to Brother Lin."

"Come on, you know these two."

Lin Long took Nuwa's hand, and the law and supernatural powers were running, and the two had already walked out of the space.

As soon as he came out, he saw two figures not far ahead, approaching Nuwa and Lin Long with happy faces.

"Brother, hurry up, there are fluctuations here, there must be creatures, let's see how our luck is!"

"Okay, okay, I have used my maximum mana!"

As the voice approached, the two figures didn't even see who they were, and shouted anxiously: "Hey! The treasure on your body is destined for me..."

Seeing the stunned looks of the two, Lin Long chuckled: "You two, long time no see, have you forgotten our agreement in the west?"

Hearing this voice, Jieyin and Zhunti on the opposite side saw clearly that Lin Long and Nuwa were in front of them!

"Aoki Dragon God!"

"Go!"

The two of them had no time to think about it, so they just ran away!

However, in Lin Long's hands, how could they escape?

I saw Lin Long raised his hand lightly without haste.

The surrounding space instantly turned into chains, and looking at Jieyin Zhunti, he had already been bound into rice dumplings by the space chains.

Afterwards, Lin Long took Nuwa and walked in front of the two.

Jieyin and Zhunti squeezed out a smile that was uglier than crying: "Master Dragon God, this is a misunderstanding..."


		