

Not to mention how shocked Kunpeng was when faced with Lin Long's cultivation.

After Lin Long left Beihai, he fell into confusion again for a while.

I just walked away in style, but after I came out, I realized that I hadn't thought about where I was going at all.

Standing in mid-air, Lin Long felt awkward.

I came out this time to seek a further breakthrough. In addition to the Yuanshen realm, the physical body also has to cross the Daluo realm.

It is best to be able to get the inspiration of the body cultivation method from the Chaos Demon God.

It's just that this thing is easy to say, but it is not so difficult to do it.

At present, the two prehistoric people who may allow Lin Long to fulfill his long-cherished wish are Luo Hu and Hong Jun.

But it is impossible for these two to help themselves.

Suddenly, Lin Long slapped his forehead.

"How did I forget about this!"

Doesn't he still have the supernatural power of knowing the future? With the luck of the great way, maybe he can find some clues.

[You used your magical powers to know the future, and wanted to find an opportunity to break through the physical body in the wild. You traveled all the way west, more than 40 million miles, and there were many treasures of heaven and earth along the way, but you didn't find the opportunity you wanted. 】

[You used your magical powers to know the future, and you wanted to find opportunities for physical breakthroughs in the prehistoric, all the way to the south for fifteen million miles, and found a few dragons with the blood of the dragons left behind. When the dragons disappeared, they made waves in the South China Sea , After beheading him, he got several Dragon Balls. 】

[You used your magical powers to know the future, and wanted to find an opportunity to break through in the wild, all the way east, and came to the foot of Buzhou Mountain again. Looking at the majestic Buzhou Mountain, you felt something in your heart, and observed the lines of the mountains , from which I realized a mysterious physical practice method! 】

Lin Long was ecstatic.

"found it!"

Looking at the reminder in his mind, Lin Long felt a sudden realization.

"I'm really confused. When it comes to the physical body, who can compare to Pan Gu?"

"Although the Great God Pangu has died and turned into a prehistoric place, Buzhou Mountain is still there, and there are twelve ancestor witches conceived in it."

"As long as you can observe carefully and deduce slowly, you will definitely gain something!"

With a clear direction, Lin Long is no longer confused.

"I haven't seen Nuwa Fuxi and the others for a long time. I don't know how they are doing."

Lin Long couldn't help but smile when he thought of the last time he met Fuxi and Nuwa.

"Thousands of years have passed, Nuwa and Fuxi should have grown up too."

"At least it won't look like a child anymore."

Lin Long was really impressed by Nuwa's appearance of a little girl with ponytails.

"Don't think about it, don't think about it, you will naturally know when you meet."

With a clear goal, Lin Long is in a good mood.

"Yufengliuyun!"

Lin Long used his supernatural powers again.

After enlightening for thousands of years, he also opened up a small world. Lin Long's comprehension of laws has reached a level of proficiency.

Except for the three top laws of space, cause and effect, and time, Lin Long has comprehended 90% of the rest of the laws, only one step away from perfection.

The power displayed is naturally different from the past.

With the blessing of the law of wind, under Lin Long's display of Yufengliuyun's supernatural power, it can cover millions of miles in an instant.

It's not that Lin Long is using his full strength. If he uses his full strength, the speed may be doubled again.

For Da Luo Jinxian's consummation realm, it is already a terrifying speed.

If the current Lin Long confronted the patriarch of the three clans during the war of the three clans alone, it could be said that he would be crushed.

Although Lin Long's realm has not improved, the improvement in law and physical body is huge.

In just a moment, Lin Long had already crossed the distance of thousands of miles.

A gust of breeze cleared away the clouds and mist at the foot of Buzhou Mountain. After the breeze cleared, Lin Long's figure appeared in the clouds.

"Is it Buzhou Mountain? Although it's not the first time I've been here, every time I look at it, I feel heart palpitations."

"Pangu's state back then was definitely not as simple as Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian. He must have been stuck in the shackles like I am now, and he was only a hair away from crossing the bottleneck."

"It's a pity that Pangu has a destiny in his body, and he finally turned into a prehistoric world."

Looking at Buzhou Mountain in front of him, Lin Long's eyes became extremely firm.

"But I won't, I will cross the bottleneck, and even in terms of realm, sooner or later I will surpass Pangu!"

A burst of pride rose in Lin Long's heart.

Dao rhyme constantly flows in the golden pupil, and the pupil of Dao observes and deduces the breath of the whole Buzhou Mountain.

At first, the aura of Buzhou Mountain was dim and unclear, and it was difficult to sort out useful things from it.

But as time passed, Lin Long still found some useful clues under the watchful eyes of Daozhitong.

Under the complex mountain texture of Buzhou Mountain, Lin Long actually observed the divine pattern that belonged exclusively to Pan Gu.

These are the lines carved on the body after the physical body has reached a certain level of cultivation.

For tens of millions of years, these lines have been connected with the prehistoric world, and it would be impossible to see the clues without the assistance of the pupil of the great way.

But now Lin Long could see it.

"Such an exquisite physical body cultivation method!"

In Lin Long's eyes, the aura of Buzhou Mountain slowly turned into a picture of the innate Taoism.

Infinite breath, and then flow into the body.

This Taoist body is like a giant standing upright, without mana, without rules, and the physical body alone can open up the sky and the earth.

Only at this moment did Lin Long realize how far Pangu's physical state had reached.

[You observe the breath pattern of Buzhou Mountain, and successfully comprehend the exercises, the great way to exercise your body. 】

[You observe Pangu's innate Taoist body, and comprehend the law of power from it, the current proficiency is 1%]

Two hints emerged in Lin Long's mind one after another.

An incomparably mysterious body training method, and a weak law that seems weak but exudes infinite power!

"Law of Strength!"

In his previous life, Lin Long had read too many prehistoric novels, and had longed for this mysterious law of force.

But even with great luck, Lin Long has no clue about this so-called law of force for so many years.

I didn't expect to be so comprehended by myself today!

Even though he only comprehended one percent, the power of this law is fully revealed.

The time, space, and the three laws of cause and effect that have been engraved in the sea of ​​consciousness just now, have been entrenched in the center, and they have all retreated to the side.

At the same time, under the blessing of the law of force, Lin Long's aura also began to change slightly.

A tyrannical and ancient coercion slowly spread from Lin Long's body.

Slowly, this breath resonated with Bu Zhoushan in front of him.

The huge Buzhou Mountain began to tremble continuously, and the rocks collapsed.

It seemed that something was about to rush out of Buzhou Mountain.

"Who dares to come to my brother and sister's dojo to make trouble!"

A coquettish sound resounded on Buzhou Mountain.

Lin Long suppressed the spread of his breath, and followed the sound.

I saw a young girl who was born slim and graceful, and was rushing towards me on the colorful clouds.

The moment she saw Lin Long, the girl stood there dumbfounded.

"Brother Lin, you are really back!"


		