

Lin Long took Yu Jue, nodded, and put it away.

Afterwards, he exchanged a few simple greetings with the ancestor Yangmei, and the two parted ways.

When Patriarch Yangmei left, Lin Long couldn't help sighing as he looked at the messy scene in the west.

"This old bastard, Hongjun, does not hesitate to attack and raise his eyebrows in order to spread Taoism, and he doesn't even bother to clean up the karma he created..."

How many souls in the west were buried here because of the battle between Taoism and demons. This old guy didn't even bother to clean up the mess, so he directly attacked and raised his eyebrows.

Now, I don't know whether it was because of Lin Long's anger or because he didn't intend to clean up, but he just left without caring about the western land.

"If I had known earlier, I should really have asked for more, and asked that old Hongjun to repair the Western one."

Lin Long sighed, Hongjun didn't need to fix it, but he couldn't.

At the beginning, I intercepted the spiritual vein from the west, and now that the west is destroyed, the luck that should belong to the west is all directed at the piece of spiritual vein that I stole. Very little.

"Forget it, since the sixth child has already left, let me come."

Whether it's because he can't bear it or because of his own luck, Lin Long wants to simply fix the West.

With the flick of a finger, the law of good fortune spread across Lin Long's fingertips, covering the entire western world in the blink of an eye.

Under the nourishment of the law of good fortune, the earth that had been exhausted once again glowed with a glimmer of vitality.

Lin Long couldn't continue the spirit vein that was completely interrupted by the Jade Immortal Sword Formation. After thinking about it, he could only disperse the fragments of the spirit vein and divide them into small pieces.

Then, with the power of good fortune, it warmed up and gradually nourished the West.

Easier said than done, with Lin Long's current cultivation, it took a full hundred years to repair the entire western land.

The moment Lin Long stopped, all the creatures in Honghuang were shocked.

Boundless merit rolls from the sky.

The mysterious and yellow air descended slowly.

In the colorful clouds in the sky, the golden boy holds the lamp, and the jade girl carries the basket.

There is peace between heaven and earth.

"This is a merit, a merit from heaven!"

Such a vast and magnificent image directly stunned all living beings on the prehistoric land.

"Lin Long of the Dragon Clan has merit in repairing the Western Spirit Vein, and he has made special merit!"

In the dark, the information of the Dao of Heaven surfaced in everyone's minds.

"It's Dragon God! It's Aoki Dragon God again!"

Everyone hadn't reacted from the shock of the merit just now, but now they were shocked again by Lin Long.

"Qingmu Dragon God's handwriting is so great, he can repair the Western Spiritual Vessel by himself!"

"Tsk tsk tsk, such a comparison, Na Hongjun is really a bit unpopular in front of the Cyanwood Dragon God."

"I need others to help with the aftermath of the shitty things I did."

"Dragon God Gaoyi!"

Although some creatures were not born in the west, this did not prevent them from admiring Lin Long.

In the Chaotic Zixiao Palace, Hongjun's eyes were cold.

When the western land was destroyed, he came to Chaos from Yujing Mountain and built Zixiao Palace with great spiritual power.

"This Lin Long, with him around, Hong Huang will never be able to get on the right track."

Lin Long didn't know what Hongjun was thinking, if he knew, he would inevitably sneer.

The right track that Hongjun said is nothing more than doing everything according to his ideas.

No one can go against his will.

In the western land, Lin Long is currently feeling the nourishment of merit.

"Is this the merit of heaven?"

"Not only can you improve your cultivation, but you can also increase the rank of Lingbao."

"In comparison, those spiritual roots are simply weak."

"It's a pleasant surprise, but it's a bit wasteful to use this thing to improve your cultivation, so let's keep it for now."

Lin Long looked at the lump of heavenly virtue in his hand, shook his head, and absorbed it into his body, but did not absorb it.

The merit entered the body, and the golden wheel of merit emerged from the back of Lin Long's head.

This is a phenomenon that only those with great merit and virtue have.

Now the entire Great Desolation, only Sanqing and himself have it.

Sanqing's is the inheritance of Pangu's kaitian merit.

And I got it by making real contributions.

Although this thing is not very useful to him, it is good to use it as a pretense.

After dealing with the matter at hand, Lin Long didn't intend to continue to stay in the west, so he turned around and flew towards the North Sea.

The incident had subsided, but Honghuang exploded.

The names of Aoki Dragon God and Dragon God Realm spread again in the wild.

At the same time, because of Lin Long's strength, the Dragon God Realm was also covered with a layer of mystery.

Of course, Daozu Hongjun was also brought along.

Although everyone was ashamed of Daozu Hongjun's behavior.

But in Honghuang, it is still the same sentence, big fists are the last word.

Lin Long was not interested in paying attention to the remarks on the prehistoric world. After arriving in Beihai, Lin Long returned to the Dragon God Realm again.

This time, he offended that old fellow Hongjun to death.

I must cultivate to the realm of Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian as soon as possible to prevent that old guy from doing anything to me.

After returning to Dragon God Realm, he started a new round of retreat.

Above the prehistoric world, some creatures reappeared, looking for the Dragon God Realm everywhere.

at the same time.

On Sun Planet, Emperor Jun Taiyi finally came to Honghuang.

Looking at the vast and desolate land, Dijun's inherent ambition could not be restrained.

After some discussion, the two brothers finally decided to set up Yaozu.

"Everything in the world can become a demon, but if all the demons are scattered, I will rule them all!"

"I, the three-legged Golden Crow Emperor Jun, will rule over all the monster clans in the prehistoric world from now on!"

The sound of heaven and earth resounded through the prehistoric world.

For the Yaozu, the prehistoric creatures didn't care at first.

In the prehistoric land, there are countless such creatures every year, and they all want to rule such a giant as the Yaozu, but soon, these creatures will eventually disappear, and everyone feels that this time Dijun is no exception.

However, what everyone didn't expect was that the Emperor Jun cooperated with Tai Yi to subdue the top ten demon gods of the demon clan with lightning speed.

All of a sudden, the momentum of the monster clan rose again and became stronger and stronger!

At this time, the Yaozu has reached the point where all the prehistoric tribes cannot ignore it.

In contrast, a race called the Witch Clan is also growing.

The prehistoric land was immediately shrouded in the powerful shadow of the two Liches.

Lin Long is in the Dragon Temple, and because of the sense of crisis Hongjun gave him, he needs to practice quickly, and has little chance to pay attention to external affairs.

Naturally, they didn't know that the Lich Clan had grown to such an extent that it could not be ignored.

Of course, although the two major races have risen, they have not been formally established, and this is not justified for the time being.

Although this is the case, it still makes the creatures of the prehistoric and the wilderness not to be ignored.

Lin Long didn't pay attention to these.

As time passed, many creatures on the prehistoric land were looking for the Dragon God Realm, but they all returned in vain.

But on this day, an unexpected visitor came to Kunpeng's dojo in Beihai.

In the dojo, Kunpeng narrowed his eyes slightly as he looked at the person coming.

"Dijun."

"Hehe, Fellow Daoist Kunpeng, I have admired your name for a long time."

Di Jun was smiling, showing no airs of being a demon emperor.

But what he didn't know was that at this moment, Kunpeng had already quietly transmitted a voice to Lin Long from the bottom of his heart.

"Master, the Demon Emperor Jun has come to my dojo. It seems that he wants to win me over to join the Demon Clan. What should I do?"

He couldn't figure out Di Jun's intention for a while, and even if he figured it out, he still had to ask Lin Long for instructions.

Lin Long, who was in retreat, felt his heart move, and a smile appeared on the corner of his mouth.

"Dijun has already found Kunpeng's gate. It seems that the Yaozu's grass-roots team has been set up. In this way, Hongjun's time to prove the Tao is not long."

Lin Long remembered that not long after the Yaozu and Wuzu were born, Daoist Hongjun became a saint and began to preach the prehistoric world.

Fortunately, I have made some gains from retreating in recent years, and now I am about to reach Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian, but I am just short of an opportunity.

"He's here to lure you into joining the Yaozu, you agree to him and accumulate reputation."

Lin Long transmitted sound to Kunpeng.

The conflict between the monster clan and the witch clan is a crucial step for Honghuang, and it is also the beginning of Hongjun's rise. I can't do nothing, and it's normal to take precautions.

After ordering Kunpeng, Lin Long's mind turned again.

The avatar of Mosquito Taoist, who was retreating in the sea of ​​blood, stood up from the futon.

"The main body is really good at summoning people. I will practice in seclusion by myself, but let the avatar find opportunities."


		