

Sanxian Island.

Lin Long gathered the people of the three races, and preached for a hundred years through the vision of heaven and earth!

His purpose is only to spread the exercises that he has figured out to be suitable for the practice of the three clans, not to preach, so the duration is not long.

But even so, he is a Hunyuan Golden Immortal after all, and the exercises he talked about still fascinate the people of the three races, and they are still unsatisfied.

In the past hundred years, all the creatures on Sanxian Island have also understood what is going on above the realm of the Daluo Jinxian.

Now that there is a practice method, all the creatures on Sanxian Island have gathered enough energy and started to continue to practice.

Lin Long stayed in the Dragon God Temple to test the practice of Sanxiao and Zhao Gongming.

Seeing that the four of them had reached the late stage of the Taiyi Golden Immortal, Lin Long nodded, but when he saw that Bi Xiao was at the lowest level, he still pretended to be serious and said, "Bi Xiao, are you lazy again?" gone?"

After all, Zhao Gongming, San Xiao and other four people have similar aptitudes, and the speed of their practice should not be bad.

But now that Bi Xiao's cultivation is far behind the others, Lin Long naturally understands what's going on.

Being reprimanded by the master, Bi Xiao couldn't keep his mouth shut, so he could only lower his head and pretend to be cute, trying to pass the test coquettishly.

It's a pity that acting like a baby doesn't work for Lin Long, and Lin Long punishes Bi Xiao to practice in seclusion as soon as he opens his mouth!

Of course, to say it is a punishment is actually to retreat for decades.

He, Mr. Lin, has never improved his state through retreat and practice, and now letting Bi Xiao retreat is just to grind her temper.

Next, Lin Long spent a rare and peaceful day in Sanxian Island.

On Sanxian Island, the enmity between the three clans has been completely forgotten with time.

this day.

Lin Long is practicing cross-legged, and wants to enter the realm of Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian as soon as possible.

At this time, the world suddenly shook, and two powerful auras rose in the prehistoric world.

Lin Long suddenly opened his eyes.

I am very familiar with these two auras, and they are the Demon Ancestor Luohu and the Dao Ancestor Hongjun.

"These two old things are also out of customs, it seems that it's time."

A gleam flashed in Lin Long's eyes, and a flash of determination flashed across his face.

"Sanxiao, Gongming, Kunpeng, the stewards of the three clans, come quickly to the Dragon Temple!"

Lin Long sent out a voice transmission, and after a while, all the people Lin Long called rushed over.

"Master."

"Master Dragon God, what are you calling us for?"

Seeing everyone coming, Lin Long said directly: "I called you here today because I have one thing to tell you. There is going to be chaos in the wilderness, and I have to go out. After I go out, the Dragon God Realm is closed and isolated from the outside world. No more children of the three clans will appear in the wilderness."

Lin Long's order was really sudden, which made everyone present confused for a while.

"Dragon God, but what trouble have the children of my three clans caused?"

The stewards of the three clans thought that some ignorant junior had gone out to make trouble again, which made Lin Long unhappy.

Lin Long shook his head: "No, it has nothing to do with you, it's Honghuang, Honghuang is about to change."

In the hall, except for Lin Long, everyone else frowned.

After all, these words were so cloudy and foggy, that everyone didn't understand what it meant to say that the prehistoric world was about to change.

"Dare to ask Dragon God, is it possible that the catastrophe of heaven and earth is coming again?"

The steward of the three clans suddenly spoke, his face was not very good-looking, as if he was thinking of the previous scene of the decisive battle between the three clans.

After all, it must be no small matter for Lin Long to say that the sky will change. All they can think of is the catastrophe of heaven and earth.

Lin Long nodded and sighed: "Yes and no, in short, you just follow the order."

There are some things that he can't explain in detail to these people. The cultivation method of the Dragon God Dao passed down by himself is destined to run counter to Hongjun's cultivation method.

The sixth child of Hongjun wanted to spread his orthodoxy in Honghuang, the first thing he had to do was to unify Honghuang's practice procedures.

Only in this way can Hongjun's orthodoxy be guaranteed to shine in the wild.

If Lin Long's Dragon Divine Dao appeared at this time, maybe Hongjun would give up dealing with Luo Hu and turn around to deal with himself first.

Before he was sure that he could completely defeat this old guy, Lin Long didn't want to confront Hongjun head-on for the time being.

Therefore, closing the Dragon God Realm and letting Hongjun concentrate on dealing with Luo Hu is the best way.

As if he felt that this method was not safe enough, Lin Long warned again: "The cultivation skills of the Dragon God Realm can only be passed on to people in the Dragon God Realm, and this practice method is not allowed by this seat, and it is not allowed to be passed on."

"This matter is the most important thing. You can pass it on after you go back."

After making arrangements for Sanxian Island, Lin Long left Dragon God Realm again.

As soon as he returned to Honghuang, Lin Long could already feel the oppressive atmosphere of the world.

In the west, above the dome of the sky, two figures swept across the sky, confronting each other in mid-air.

"Hongjun, I knew you couldn't wait. If I don't look for you, you will come to me on your own initiative. Hehe, you are a hypocritical old bastard."

Luo Hu held the god-killing spear in his hand, stepped on the twelfth-rank black lotus, and pointed directly at Hongjun.

Facing Luo Hu's outbursts, Hongjun was not in the slightest: "Luo Hu, the way you practice is against the harmony of heaven, you and I have to make a break today."

Now Luo Hu and Hong Jun are both quasi-sages and consummated at this moment, and they are only one step away from saints.

Just relying on his aura, he overwhelmed the creatures on the prehistoric land.

Lin Long hid in the void in the distance, looking at Hongjun Luohu.

After the last epiphany, Lin Long's cultivation has also reached the late stage of Hunyuan Jinxian, that is, the late stage of equivalent quasi-sage, which is already at the same level as Hongjun Luohu, with the blessing of various laws and Lin Long's deliberate hiding At this distance, Hongjun and Luo Hu couldn't find Lin Long's existence at all.

Lin Long must never miss this battle between Dao and Demons. It will be of great benefit to Lin Long to comprehend the Dao of the two.

Besides, he wanted to take advantage of the chaos and gain some benefits.

These two guys are all powerful in the wild, and the equipment that exploded from them must not be low in level.

And the two of them also tacitly knew about this battle, they stopped talking nonsense immediately, sacrificed the treasures in their hands, and attacked and killed each other.

Thousands of Dao dharmas are transformed from the jade plate of good fortune, and the infinite Dao rhymes are like a vast ocean, which is bound to submerge Rahu.

Luo Hu holds a god-killing gun, uses a lotus platform as a boat, breaks through all obstacles, and goes straight to Hongjun!

As soon as the confrontation took place, the world was already filled with the sound of boundless shocks.

Although the two are not yet saints, their destructive power is no less than that of saints.

What Hongjun took was the way of refining thousands of laws and comprehending the prehistoric way of heaven.

It seems that what he comprehend is the three thousand ways, but in fact he only comprehends one way of heaven.

My way is the way of heaven, and my heart is the heart of heaven.

Completely abandon the past practice path of Chaos Demon God.

On the other hand, Luo Hu followed the path of a pure Chaos Demon God.

Prove the truth by killing!

Using oneself as the melting pot, the flesh body as the seed of Taoism, specializing in one method, in order to destroy all dharmas with it.

One seeks broadness and the other seeks refinement.

Lin Long stared at the good fortune jade plate in Hongjun's hand.

This thing can really be said to have achieved Hongjun.

The full version of the Chaos Supreme Treasure Good Fortune Jade Disk itself records the Three Thousand Ways, which can help users quickly comprehend the Way.

Although the speed is not as fast as his own avenue, but each avenue can be easily entered, and it is a perfect match with Hongjun's comprehension of heaven.

It's a pity that due to my own interference, I should have collected a complete collection of good luck jade plates, but a few pieces were missing.

boom!

Luo Hu Hongjun fought for hundreds of rounds in a flash, but no one could do anything to the other.

"Hongjun, it seems that you haven't wasted your time all these years, but since I'm fighting you, I'm naturally fully prepared."

"Today, you will be buried here!"

Luo Hu gave a low voice: "Zhu Xian Sword Formation, come out!"

The next moment, the four immortal swords let out a resounding sword cry.

Terrifying sword energy soared into the sky.

In the eyes of the prehistoric creatures, a sword formation covering a piece of heaven and earth appeared in front of them.

Within the sword array, time, space, and everything were torn apart by the sharp sword energy.

When Lin Long saw the Zhuxian Sword Formation, a golden light flashed in his eyes.

The pupil of the avenue is running quietly.

Although he didn't know why Hongjun didn't summon the Yangmei Patriarch, Qiankun Patriarch, and Yin Yang Patriarch to fight together like Hong Huangyuan's plot, but it didn't prevent Lin Long from secretly observing the Zhuxian Sword Formation with the pupil of Dao.


		