

In the demon clan's Heavenly Court, the ten major demon gods stood on both sides of the Lingxiao Palace, while the demon emperor Jun sat in the main seat, closing his eyes and listening to his subordinates' reports.

"Your Majesty, in recent years, there have been constant frictions and conflicts between the Wu Clan and my Monster Clan. However, some time ago, there was news from the front of my Monster Clan, saying that after seeing my Monster Clan, the people of the Witch Clan started to avoid me." , deliberately avoiding conflicts, I think that there must be something strange about this matter, and we need to investigate it carefully."

Bai Ze, one of the top ten demon gods and also a military adviser, stood below and cupped his hands.

Hearing this, not only Di Jun and Tai Yi, but also the rest of the high-ranking monster clan showed thoughtful expressions on their faces.

This kind of weird thing has to be guarded against, otherwise who knows what kind of moth the Wu Clan is doing?

Di Jun slowly opened his eyes. There seemed to be flames in his pupils. He looked at Bai Ze and said, "Send someone to find out what's going on. It's impossible for people in the Witch Clan to retreat for no reason. The Twelve Patriarchs Is something wrong with Wu, the news must be accurate, and if the time is right, take down the Wu clan in one fell swoop!"

This situation was too abnormal, and what Di Jun immediately thought of was that there might be something wrong with the cultivation of the Twelve Ancestral Witches.

After all, the two clans of Liches have dealt with each other for many years, and they also understand the temperament and character of both sides.

You know, the Wu Clan is not the kind of temperament that can easily retreat, and there is only one reason why they can retreat, and that is that something may have changed within the Wu Clan!

"Yes, rest assured, Your Majesty, I have sent people to investigate the intelligence of the Wu Clan, and will bring back the news as soon as possible."

After Bai Ze finished speaking, Di Jun nodded, and slowly stood up from the main seat, looking down at the demons below.

The flames in the eyes kept rising, as if they were not just looking at the people of the Yaozu, but looking down on the entire Great Desolate Continent!

That flame seemed to be Dijun's ambition, expanding and burning all the time!

The development of Yaozu in these years has been very good, and it can even be said that it is God's help.

It only took less than ten thousand years to become the number one clan in the wild with the same reputation as the Wu clan.

Among them, Dijun and Taiyi are almost invincible by virtue of their overwhelming strength and treasures.

Di Jun is now at the peak of Da Luo Jinxian's late stage, and he is only short of the completion of Da Luo Jinxian.

The same is true of his younger brother Donghuang Taiyi, and Taiyi holds the Chaos Clock in his hand, and his combat power is even more comparable to that of the top Daluo Jinxian.

So high-spirited and ambitious, but Di Jun always had a thorn in his heart.

Over the years, with the continuous improvement of his cultivation, Di Jun took Tai Yi to look for the disappeared Tai Yin star many times.

But without exception, they couldn't even find any traces of the Lunar Star.

It's also because Lin Long's formation skills are too high, and the formations arranged for the two daughters Xihe and Changxi are too exquisite.

And Di Jun naturally knew that the Taiyin star did not disappear, but was hidden by the formation, and even because of this, he specially studied the way of the formation.

Over the years, his formation method has also improved, and his control of the Heluo formation has become more convenient, and its power has also increased a lot.

However, the lunar star is still missing...

Sometimes Di Jun even began to wonder if he had made a mistake in his memory. Wasn't the Lunar Star hidden by a formation? But when everyone was not paying attention, it was forcibly moved away?

Otherwise, after so many years, I have searched so many times, why can't I find a single trace?

But after he calmed down, he also knew that it was impossible to remove the stars.

Zhou Tianxing and the stars all have the art of destiny, and it is impossible to move them casually. There are too many causes and effects involved.

But the more this happened, the more upset Di Jun became.

"What kind of cultivation is that Lin Long who preached on Taiyin Star back then? With my current strength, I still can't detect his existence!"

"How far has this formation reached!"

"Now the Great Desolation is superficially occupied by the Wu Clan and my Monster Clan, but ten thousand years ago, legends of the Dragon God Realm prevailed in the Great Desolation, but after so many years, I have never found the location of the Dragon God Realm!"

"This matter is full of weirdness!"

Di Jun always felt that the name of himself and the strongest race, the Wu Clan, was a bit misleading.

Back then when Lin Long came to Sun Star, he revealed that his name was Lin Long. Although he didn't say that he was from the Dragon Clan, but after so many years in the prehistoric world, Di Jun also figured out that the Cyanwood Dragon God of the Dragon Clan is Lin Long.

It's just that, these years, the three clans have disappeared into the Dragon God Realm, and the legendary green wood dragon god Lin Long has never been found. This also makes it impossible for Di Jun to speculate on the strength of the three clans and even Lin Long.

But the legend of the Dragon God Realm circulating in the prehistoric world made Di Jun have to be careful.

Even now among the monster clans there are dragon clans who surrender, but those dragon clans are too weak, so weak that they are not as good as ordinary monster clans who have become Dao.

Naturally, this cannot represent the strength of the real Dragon Clan.

It was also difficult for Di Jun to believe how powerful the Dragon Clan was back then.

What the Demon Emperor Jun wants is to rule the world, not to be that kind of jumping clown standing on the stage!

Therefore, no matter whether it is the three Xiantian clans, or the Dragon God Realm, or even the Qingmu Dragon God Lin Long, they must find out the details!

"Kunpeng, you have been asked to investigate the news of the Dragon God Realm all these years, but there is still no clue?"

Thinking of this, Di Jun turned to look at Kunpeng.

According to legend, the entrance to the Dragon God Realm is in the North Sea, and the North Sea is Kunpeng's territory, so Di Jun simply entrusted Kunpeng with the task of finding the Dragon God Realm.

Of course, in addition to Kunpeng, there are other high-level support from the Yaozu.

After all, Kunpeng's identity is a bit special. He is a monster master in name and works for the monster clan. However, Kunpeng's subordinates have always only listened to Kunpeng's orders, and even himself, the demon emperor, cannot dispatch them.

This is also impossible.

Because Kunpeng's cultivation base is not weaker than that of Dijun, he naturally has the right to speak among the monster clan.

The strong are privileged at all times.

When Kunpeng heard this, he walked out immediately, cupping his hands to say something perfunctory.

In the past, Di Jun also asked such questions, but Kunpeng always prevaricated casually.

However, just when Kunpeng was about to speak, a voice suddenly sounded in Kunpeng's mind.

"Tell him that there is news. I am now outside the Nantian Gate and want to meet him."

Kunpeng trembled slightly, his pupils shrank suddenly, but he quickly hid them.

"Reporting to His Majesty the Demon Emperor, I have not found out where the Dragon God Realm is, but now there is someone in the Dragon God Realm who wants to meet His Majesty, and this person is now outside the Nantian Gate."

Kunpeng bowed his hands to Di Jun, but he didn't expect Di Jun to be surprised.

"Huh? Someone from Dragon God Realm wants to see me?"

Originally, he asked Kunpeng, but he didn't have any hope, because the information he usually got from Kunpeng was nothing.

In the end, he didn't expect that this time Kunpeng actually had something to tell, someone in the Dragon God Realm wanted to see him!

"Okay, tell him to go to the hall."

Di Jun pondered for a moment, then spoke.

Immediately, guards from the monster race went to the Nantianmen to lead Lin Long into Lingxiao Palace.

The person who came at this time was naturally Lin Long's clone of Daoist Mosquito.

It's just that his appearance has turned into his true face.

Mastering the two magical powers of transforming the fetus into shape and reshaping the avenue, his art of transformation is already unmatched by anyone.

At least, it is absolutely impossible for monks in the realm of Da Luo to see it.

Lin Long wasn't worried that Di Jun would find out the secret of his avatar, this was the strength of his fist!

Walking into Lingxiao Palace, Di Jun, who was sitting upright, looked majestic, looked at Lin Long, and didn't speak.

Seeing Di Jun's appearance, Lin Long felt amused in his heart.

Even if you are an emperor, you don't have to hold it all the time. Di Jun is obviously used to pretending.

Judging from what he meant, he guessed that he wanted himself to salute the Demon Emperor like other visiting patriarchs of the small race.

It's a pity that in the entire prehistoric world, there is no one who is qualified to let Lin Long salute.

Not to mention that Di Jun didn't have the qualifications, even if Lin Long really saluted him, he couldn't bear it!

The dao fruit of Hunyuan Da Luo Jinxian bowed to a Da Luo Jinxian. I am afraid that he would be seriously injured if he just bowed, not to mention sending Di Jun away.

"Um?"

Seeing that Lin Long didn't intend to salute at all, Di Jun frowned slightly, and his mana burst out suddenly, crushing towards Lin Long.

Back then, he only saw Lin Long from a distance, but never looked at it in detail. Now that Lin Long was right in front of him, he didn't recognize it.

"This kid, it's interesting..."

Feeling the pressure from Di Junchao, Lin Long remained unmoved.

"Bold! You can't be polite when you see His Majesty!"

Among the ten demon gods, Yingzhao, who was in charge of guarding Lingxiao Palace, scolded sharply.

However, Lin Long didn't even look at Yingzhao. Instead, he glanced at Di Jun indifferently: "Demon King, Sun Xing, I haven't seen him for a long time, and his style is far better than before!"

This faint sentence immediately caused Di Jun's eyes to shrink, and he clenched his fists suddenly. He looked at Lin Long with a flash of killing intent, and the coercion on his body exploded even more brazenly!

boom--

The Lingxiao Palace shook for a while, as if it was about to collapse.

However, Lin Long, who was at the center of the coercion, still acted as if nothing happened, as if the coercion didn't exist on him at all.

"Yaohuang, let the idlers go out, and you and I will talk alone, how about?"

Lin Longyun spoke calmly.


		