

"Your Majesty the Demon Emperor, I am here today to congratulate you."

Lin Long spoke, and Di Jun frowned: "Master Dragon God, congratulations?"

Although he had a vague guess in his heart, he was not sure.

After all, Lin Long's status was too noble, he didn't dare to think that Lin Long himself could come to congratulate him in person.

Seeing Di Jun's unbelievable expression, Lin Long chuckled: "You and I are old acquaintances. His Majesty the Demon Emperor has an heir, so of course I came here for this matter."

Hearing these words, Di Jun showed a smile on his face, these words really made Di Jun feel at ease.

"Haha, Lord Dragon God, to be honest, my two children were born. I once asked someone to invite Lord Dragon God, but I couldn't find where the Dragon God Realm is. I didn't want you to come in person."

As the emperor of the monster race, even if he no longer wants to fight for hegemony, he still has to entertain the whole prehistoric world if he has an heir.

However, the Dragon God Realm was too mysterious, and Lin Long was in seclusion at that time, so he did not receive this news.

"Hehe, I was in seclusion at that time, but now I heard the news, so I immediately came to congratulate His Majesty the Demon Emperor."

Lin Long also smiled in a very face-saving manner.

Di Jun waved his hand naturally: "Yes, yes, come, sir, Lord Dragon God is here today, and I have ordered that the monster clan hold a banquet, go, call Di Hua and Di Yu, and pay respects to Lord Dragon God!"

Di Hua and Di Yu are naturally the twin heirs of Di Jun.

Soon, the princess and the crown prince of the Yaozu, accompanied by guards, walked into the hall.

"Master Dragon God, this is the little girl Dihua and the dog Diyu. You two, hurry up to meet Lord Dragon God. This Lord Dragon God is a great figure in the prehistoric world. The small world structure method of my monster clan is Lord Dragon God personally pass it down!"

Di Jun introduced with a smile. The two sisters, Di Hua and Di Yu, were quite sensible. They hurried forward and saluted Lin Long respectfully: "My lord Dragon God!"

"Get up."

Lin Long nodded and looked at the princess and prince of the demon clan.

Dihua is the princess of the demon clan, and it is also the goal of Lin Long's trip.

This woman still looks like a little lolita now, she looks like she is eleven or twelve years old.

However, the prehistoric creatures have a long lifespan. They look eleven or twelve years old, but they are actually hundreds of years old.

It was the same when Lin Long first met Nuwa.

However, Rao Dihua was only eleven or twelve years old, but he already showed the appearance of a beauty, with a beautiful appearance and quick eyes, and he would definitely be a beauty in the future.

As for the prince Di Yu of the demon clan, Lin Long looked over and found that he was indeed of pure Golden Crow bloodline, and Di Jun could be regarded as a successor.

Seeing the princess and the crown prince bowing towards him, Lin Long nodded after seeing it, "That's right, the following is quite extraordinary, and you will be able to practice well in the future, and the road can be expected."

"Thank you, Lord Dragon God, for your praise."

Not only the two juniors, but even Di Jun were very happy to be appreciated by Lin Long.

After all, Lin Long's identity is here.

Afterwards, Lin Long looked at the two children, Di Jun, and said again: "I can be considered your elder. When we meet for the first time, I must give you some greetings."

With that said, Lin Long took out a talisman and said, "I made this talisman myself and wear it on my body. It is not only a defensive spiritual treasure, but also can make the mind clear and not be disturbed by karma. Send it to Dihua."

Afterwards, Lin Long took out another piece of kendo commentary: "Di Yu, I see that you have some foundation in kendo, and this kendo commentary is based on my feelings, so I will give it to you."

Suddenly, two treasures were sent out.

Diyu and Dihua didn't dare to pick them up. When they came to see Lin Long, their uncle Donghuang Taiyi warned them that Lord Dragon God is a real big shot, and even the entire monster clan can't afford to offend them. Therefore, the two The little guy doesn't know if this thing can be taken.

Seeing that the two children were so sensible, Di Jun nodded in satisfaction, then coughed lightly, and said, "Since it's a gift from Lord Dragon God, you can take it."

With their father's permission, Di Hua and Di Yu hurriedly thanked him.

"Yes, thank you, Senior Dragon God, for giving me the treasure."

Dihua took the talisman, and as soon as he got it, his eyes lit up.

Although this talisman is made of wood, there is a warm feeling when she holds it, and she feels that this talisman seems to be drawn to herself.

"This talisman is so magical. Holding it in my hand, I feel that my mana is running much more smoothly, and it feels like my blood is slowly nourishing."

Di Jun could also see from the side that although this talisman was only an acquired spirit treasure, the refining technique was extremely exquisite, and the materials used were also innate things, and its efficacy was no worse than that of the innate spirit treasure. He also understood in his heart that this It is a treasure refined by Lin Long.

Lin Long didn't know what Di Jun was thinking, if he knew, he would definitely laugh.

Of course, I put my heart into it, what I want is to draw Dihua's blood, otherwise what if Dihua throws away this talisman or doesn't wear it?

"Master Dragon God, on behalf of my daughter and Quanzi, I would like to thank you sir."

Di Jun looked at the two little guys who couldn't put it down, and immediately said to Lin Long.

Lin Long waved his hand and said with a smile: "It's because of fate that I'm here today, maybe I will have trouble with these two little guys in the future."

Naturally, Di Jun only took such words as a joke, but what Lin Long said was true.

It's just that this matter cannot be said to others.


At night, the monster clan held a big feast, with all kinds of delicacies from mountains and seas.

Of course, the legendary dragon liver and phoenix marrow must be gone, because of Lin Long's relationship, the status of the prehistoric tribes has not yet been reduced to the point of rations.

This is also one of the small changes caused by Lin Long.

At the invitation of Di Junzhi, Lin Long lived in Yaozu for a while.

And during this time, Lin Long gradually became acquainted with the little princess and little prince of the Yaozu.

The two little guys came to Lin Long from time to time to ask questions about cultivation, and Lin Long explained patiently.

This made Lin Long's status in the hearts of the two little guys soar.

In this regard, Di Jun was naturally happy to see the results, and even intentionally or unintentionally let the two children run to Lin Long more.

This is one of the two thickest thighs in Honghuang!

If it wasn't for the embarrassment, Di Jun would have wanted to hug Lin Long's thick leg by himself.

He couldn't lose face, so, let his two children hug Lin Long's thigh tightly, isn't it a foul?


Lin Long came out of the residence arranged by Di Jun, and ran into Di Hua and Di Yu siblings who were looking for him.

"Master Dragon God, you have come out? But do you have any orders?"

Lin Long touched the heads of the two little ones with a smile, and said with a smile: "Di Hua, Di Yu, your cultivation has improved a lot these days. Proud, you will have to practice more in the future, although the Yaozu are comfortable in the small world, but not for long, after all, you have to have the strength to ensure peace."

"Yes, thank you, Senior Dragon God, for your teaching."

The two nodded.

And Lin Long said again: "I have not been staying in Yaozu for a short time. Today is the time to leave. I hope we can meet again in the wilderness in the future. I will not go to your father and emperor to say goodbye. Please convey it to me." That's it."

After all, Lin Long disappeared without waiting for them to react.

"Master Dragon God is leaving now?"

"Come on, let's go and tell Father!"

The siblings hurried to Di Jun's bedroom, but Di Jun didn't say much when he learned that Lin Long had left, and asked what Lin Long said when he left, Di Jun nodded: "Go down!" Well, remember what the Dragon God said, although our monster clan is comfortable now, we rely on strength, and if our monster clan's strength is insufficient in the future, even a small world will not be able to exist in the prehistoric world, you two must cultivate well."

"Yes, my child understands."

Dihua and Diyu nodded, but when they left, they still couldn't help asking: "Father, what kind of prehistoric people are you talking about, Lord Dragon God?"

Since their birth, the siblings have never been to the prehistoric region. Now that Lin Long and Di Jun mentioned it many times, it naturally aroused the curiosity of the two little ones.

"You can practice with peace of mind, and don't care about prehistoric matters!"

Di Jun stared, and the two cubs backed away in fright.

However, regarding Hong Huang, the two little ones had already planted a seed of curiosity in their hearts.


Besides, Lin Long, after leaving the Monster Clan, he went directly to the small world of the Witch Clan.

One of the two refined Marriage Talismans has been sent out, so the other one naturally has to have an owner.

Although he has only been in contact with that little girl of Dihua for a short time, Lin Long has always been kind-hearted and likes the pair of siblings. Now that he is looking for a future husband-in-law for Dihua, he naturally has to be more careful.

He felt that what he was doing was similar to Hongjun's, it was a matchmaker business that didn't care about face.

"This thing should have been done by Yuelao..."

Lin Long shook his head.

Hongjun did it himself mainly because no one under his command was available, but Lin Long did it himself because he was worried that Hongjun would do something wrong.

Otherwise, just send someone to the Wu Clan to choose a candidate.


		