

"The human race has seen the Holy Mother and the Holy Father! Thank you, the Holy Mother and the Holy Father!"

Hundreds of millions of people fell to the ground and shouted in unison, their voices piercing through the sky.

Lin Long was visibly taken aback when he heard the term Human Race.

what's going on?

I didn't do anything, how did I become the holy father of the human race?

Compared to Lin Long who was stunned for a moment, Nu Wa's face quietly crept up a blush.

But Lin Long didn't have the time to pay attention to Nuwa's face, nor did he have the time to pay attention to the so-called holy father.

After feeling that the fate of the human race was connected to himself and Nuwa, he understood that the matter was finalized.

On Hongjun's side, he made another move first!

The human race will be the center of the world in the future, and it is destined to be the protagonist of the world. Many things, including many calamities, start with the human race and advance.

The most important thing is that among the six sages of heaven, the chance of becoming a saint is more or less related to the human race.

Even in the original trajectory, the introduction and acceptance of the holiness through merit and virtue will still rely on the human race to repay the karma of heaven in the future.

It can be said that the human race has little influence.

Moreover, the current Nuwa has already got rid of Hongjun's control, and has completely broken away from the chessboard set by Hongjun.

Next, if Hongjun wants to make a fuss about the human race, he must pass the test of himself and Nuwa first!


Compared to Lin Long, Nu Wa, the Holy Mother of the human race, is more qualified. She ordered the human race to recuperate and live in Shouyang Mountain, on the shore of the four seas, and not to easily get involved in the prehistoric race.

Of course, today's human race is extremely weak, even if they want to participate in the battle, they are powerless.

Moreover, the human race is originally a peace-loving race, and Nuwa saw this trait in her eyes and was happy in her heart, especially their title of the human race's holy father and mother, which made Nuwa's dissatisfaction with today's human race. Like less.

Nuwa herself is a character who doesn't like to fight and kill.

Regarding this, Lin Long smiled slightly and did not speak.

To be honest, the human race is not a weak race.

Especially the hundreds of millions of the first batch of human races, their cultivation base is indeed not high, and their physical bodies are not as tyrannical as the witch race.

But they have innate Taoist bodies, and their cultivation bases are frighteningly high!

Especially after surviving the God Conferring Tribulation, the number of powerful monks among the human race will rise in a straight line!

At that time, the power of the human race will be the most terrifying power in the prehistoric world!

And none of them!

But these are all things to say, the current human race is still relatively weak, and Lin Long was born in the human race in his previous life, so he might help him at critical moments!

"Brother Lin, thank you very much this time, if it weren't for you, I definitely wouldn't be able to become a saint!"

After Nuwa calmed down the feelings in her heart, she bowed to Lin Long and thanked Lin Long.

But Lin Long accepted this gift with peace of mind, after all, he helped Nuwa to prove the Tao, which can be said to be a great cause and effect.

Besides, which one of the Sanguang Shenshui, Nine Heavens Breathing Soil, Innate Gourd Vine, and Primordial Purple Qi that Nu Wa used to create humans was not given by Lin Long?

If one of these things is missing, nothing can be sanctified!

Therefore, he must bear the gift of Nuwa Saint! Also enough to bear!

As for Nuwa, she made up her mind that no matter what happened to Hongjun, she would definitely stand by Big Brother Lin from the beginning to the end.

"Okay, I've accepted your gift. Now that you have become a saint, I have another thing to do. You have been away from Buzhou Mountain for a while. Come with me to meet someone, and then you can go back to Buzhou Mountain." , Fuxi must be waiting for you anxiously."

After receiving a salute, Lin Long stretched out his hand to help Nuwa up.

Nuwa nodded, and asked, "Who is elder brother taking me to meet?"

"Hehe, you've seen it before, it's the ancestor and queen of the witch clan."

"Okay, Brother Lin, I'll go with you."

Nuwa didn't ask the reason. This was a kind of blind trust in Lin Long. For some reason, she always felt that Lin Long seemed to be playing a big game of chess!

But so what?

She made up her mind to stand on Lin Long's side, even if Lin Long was a chess player, she was willing to be a chess piece!

The majestic saint just followed behind Lin Long obediently, without any pretensions of a saint.


beyond chaos.

With the help of the lucky jade plate, Hongjun quickly recovered from his injuries at a certain price.

There is no way, he doesn't want to delay for too long, after all, there are too many variables in the wild!

As soon as he recovered from his injury, he rushed back to the wilderness!

Before the creatures in the wilderness woke up from the shock of Nuwa's sanctification, they heard Hongjun's voice sounding again.

"Thousands of years later, Zixiao Palace will hold another lecture. This time, it will explain the Dao of Saints. Anyone who is destined can come and listen!"

Hongjun's words were like throwing a boulder into the water!

One stone stirs up a thousand waves!

"What? Didn't you say that it will be ten thousand years before the lecture will be held in Zixiao Palace? How long has it been?"

"Could it be that Dao Patriarch Hongjun became impatient after seeing the Nuwa sage proving the Tao?"

"Not necessarily, it may be that Dao Patriarch feels that most of the creatures have fully understood the way of quasi-sage."

"Hey, I haven't fully comprehended the way of the quasi-sage last time, and now I want to explain the way of the saint. Is it true that I am so far behind those top innate creatures?"

Many creatures are talking about it, and they may feel unwilling.

I just feel that the gap between myself and the rest of the prehistoric creatures is much bigger than I thought.

And Lin Long naturally heard Hongjun's words, but immediately smiled coldly in his heart: "This old guy is going to be impatient."

Nuwa's testimony and sanctification definitely exceeded Hongjun's expectations, so she hurried back to the prehistoric from outside the chaos, and then reacted like this.

From the looks of it, Hongjun should have recovered from his injuries.

If what he expected is correct, after the third sermon is over, Hongjun will immediately start pushing out all the other saints.

It is already impossible for the Lich to rob, so Hongjun simply chose to let it go!

After all, his next choice is to devour the way of heaven!

And I have to perfect the way of heaven before he starts speaking!

There is only a thousand years, so it is indeed a bit urgent, but fortunately, Houtu has already made arrangements.

Lin Long then ignored Hongjun's affairs, turned his head to look at Nuwa, and said, "Let's go, don't worry about it."


In the small world of the Wu Clan.

After the tribe.

The Houtu Ancestral Witch kept reminiscing about the path of enlightenment that Lin Long had explained to him at the place where he practiced.

"Master Wushen wants me to study the power of the earth and Qianyuan. This move must have a deep meaning."

This is exactly where Hou Tu was thinking hard, because Lin Long didn't make his words very clear.

Moreover, Nuwa's testimony and sanctification also made Houtu feel a sense of urgency.

Nu Wa's sanctification is more like ringing a bell in the prehistoric world, which means that a new era is coming!

However, he was not ready yet.

Except for Houtu, the rest of the ancestral witches have already gone to the small world of the demon clan to discuss with Dijun how the two clans of the Lich clan should develop in the future.

With the hub of Hou Yi and Di Hua, and Lin Long's reasons, the relationship between the two Lich clans is like honey, and it can be said that they are advancing together and retreating together.

After so many years, Di Jun gradually let go of his ambitions. He didn't feel that he could overwhelm the witch clan just because the monster clan produced a saint like Nuwa.

Because he knew the relationship between Nu Wa and Lin Long.

So naturally he wouldn't foolishly rely on Nuwa's sanctification to overthrow Lin Long.


Just when Houtu was still trying to comprehend the power of Qianyuan on the earth, two figures had quietly arrived.

"Houtu, wake up quickly!"

Lin Long discovered that Houtu was not having an epiphany, so naturally he didn't mind waking up Houtu.

After hearing the words, Houtu immediately opened his eyes, and found that Lin Long and Nuwa had arrived in front of him at some point.

"Houtu pays homage to Lord Wushen, and sees Saint Nuwa!"

Immediately, Houtu hurriedly saluted Lin Long and Nuwa.

Lin Long shook his head, got straight to the point, and said, "Get up, there is no need to be polite. I am looking for you this time because I have something to arrange for you. Your chance to prove the Tao has arrived!"

"The opportunity has arrived?"

Hou Tu was stunned for a moment, but before she could react, Lin Long waved his robe sleeves. Immediately, the figures of the three of them flickered, and the space changed for a while.

When he came back to his senses, Hou Tu suddenly found that Lin Long had led him out of the small world of the Wu Clan and came to Buzhou Mountain.

"Master Witch God, what is this?"

Hou Tu was a little puzzled, didn't he say that his chance had arrived? Could it be that my chance is in Buzhou Mountain?

Not to mention her, even Nu Wa still didn't understand what Lin Long meant.

However, Lin Long did not explain too much to them, but pointed at Buzhou Mountain, and said directly: "Mobilize your ancestral witch blood immediately, and knock down Buzhou Mountain!"


		