

Seeing Changxi and Xihe's reaction, Lin Long felt a little embarrassed.

This kind of formation restriction outside the dojo, only the closest people can master the method of entering and exiting, otherwise they can only forcefully break the formation, this is the rule in the prehistoric.

In a dojo, except for the Taoist companions, generally no one else will be allowed to master the formation, at least not let people know the formation.

Xihe and Changxi are of course not Lin Long's Taoist companions.

It's just that the formation that Lin Long arranged is too delicate, once they remove it, with their strength and cultivation of the formation, it is completely impossible to arrange it again!

The second daughter always likes to be clean, this formation is just right, so she kept it.

As for Lin Long, even if they set up another formation, they still couldn't stop Lin Long, they still entered whenever they wanted, so it might as well just use the Three Immortal Floating Life Formation directly.

Seeing that the second daughter had already made a decision, Lin Long naturally didn't say anything more. After nodding his head, he tasted sweet-scented osmanthus brew and laurel cream with peace of mind.

It has to be said that this laurel cream and sweet-scented osmanthus brew are really good things, at least in the prehistoric period, except for these two, Lin Long has never seen anyone who can exert the effect of the innate spiritual root so well.

The two sisters, Xihe, were able to brew spirit roots into wine and make ointments, which is considered unique.

Next, taking advantage of the rare cleanliness, Lin Long would occasionally mention some of his apprentices and sisters Xi and Xi.

Under Lin Long's advice, the cultivation bases of the few people improved by leaps and bounds!

However, in two hundred years, the cultivation bases of San Xiao and Zhao Gongming are almost reaching the peak of Jinxian!

It wasn't that Lin Long was reluctant to use Huang Zhongli to elevate their cultivation base for them, but because Lin Long didn't want to push the seedlings to encourage them. It was helpless for him to choose Huang Zhongli at the beginning, and he had to quickly improve his cultivation base to protect himself.

But now that they have themselves as masters, Sanxiao and Zhao Gongming naturally don't have such worries, and naturally they don't need to be encouraged by Huang Zhongli and Li Bamiao.

As for Xihe and Changxi, they are still in the early days of Daluo Jinxian, but compared with three hundred years ago, their foundations are much more solid, and their understanding of various supernatural powers and laws is also much deeper.

You must know that in the prehistoric world, not everyone has the blessing of luck like Lin Long, and comprehending the laws and supernatural powers is as simple as eating and drinking water.

Of course, in terms of gains, among the few, Lin Long gained the most.

Although he has been preaching, these people's cultivation bases are much lower than Lin Long's. Preaching for them is equivalent to reintegrating one's own Taoism.

It can be regarded as making up for the lack of solid foundation in swallowing Huang Zhongli.

Today, he has comprehended all the laws except the law of force to perfection.

Strength, of course, skyrocketed again!

If he were to face off against Yang Mei Patriarch again, Lin Long was confident that if he played all his cards, he would definitely defeat Yang Mei!

As for Luo Hu and Hong Jun, Lin Long has not found out their details so far, so it is hard to say.

After all, the two old six had too many cards, but one thing is for sure, that is, no matter which one of them they face, it is absolutely not a problem if they want to be safe!

This is already very good for a traveler who puts safety first.

Of course, if Hongjun overthrew Luo Hu and became a saint, then Lin Long's sense of crisis would come again.

"Friend Daoist, what are you thinking?"

Just as Lin Long was lost in thought, he suddenly noticed Xi He's arrival, and then a voice rang in his ears.

"Fellow Daoist Xihe, your cultivation has improved again. I almost didn't notice you coming just now."

Hearing this, a smile appeared on Xi He's slightly cold pretty face: "Friend Daoist Lin Long was joking, with your cultivation, how could you not find me, such praise makes the little girl blush. "

"Speaking of which, the reason why my sisters have improved so much is thanks to fellow Taoist. If it weren't for you, it would be impossible for our sisters to have this comprehension without ten thousand years."

Lin Long looked at Xi He, and suddenly said, "Fellow Daoist Xi He, you should smile more often, look, how beautiful you look when you smile."

After all, Lin Long didn't wait for Xi He's reaction, and immediately said: "You guys are as good as the script, and you have the good fortune of heaven and earth, even if you don't have me, you won't be too far behind."

Looking at Xi He's pretty face, Lin Long secretly sighed in his heart.

It's a pity that these two sisters are the future demon queens of the demon clan.

But what he said had another meaning in Xi He's ears.

"Fellow Daoists say that, is it because they don't want to have too much cause and effect with my sister?"

As Xi He said, there was an unconcealable sense of disappointment in his eyes.

But only for a moment, she was hidden again.

"Fellow Daoist speaks too seriously."

Lin Long sighed, and looked outside Taiyin Star: "Fellow Daoist Xihe, I plan to take my disciples and leave."

"Ah? Why is this? Could it be that my sister and I didn't entertain well?"

Xi He panicked immediately, and she couldn't tell what the reason was. When she heard Lin Long say that she was going to leave, she only felt that something was missing in her heart.

But Lin Long turned around, looked at Xi He, and said with a faint smile: "Fellow Daoist Xi He, please don't get me wrong. I have lost my original intention of traveling, and besides, there are still things waiting for me in the prehistoric world, so it is naturally inconvenient to stay here."

He wasn't lying when he said that.

According to the calculation of time and the movement of heaven and earth, Emperor Jun Taiyi is already in the late stage of Da Luo Jinxian, and it will not be long before his ambition will grow and he will start to unify the demon clan.

As for Hongjun and Luohu, the two sixth children, the time for a decisive battle is not far away.

Lin Long was very concerned about the treasures of the two sixth children.

He decided a long time ago to take advantage of the decisive battle between the two old sixths to secretly seek some benefits. After all, any treasure on those two guys is not trivial.

Lin Long didn't want to miss this decisive battle between Dao and Demon.

What's more, he also promised to join hands with the ancestor Yangmei before, if he just let go of it, when Yangmei suffers, the next one will probably be his turn.

Ruanrou Township is the Hero Tomb. Although the two beauties on the Lunar Planet are eye-catching, Lin Long has not yet been fascinated by beauty.

When Xi He heard that it wasn't the reason for his poor hospitality, he was immediately relieved, but he still felt reluctant in his heart.

In the past three hundred years, the originally deserted Lunar Star became much more lively because of the arrival of Lin Long and others, which made Xihe and Changxi, who always liked cleanliness, happy.

But she also understands that there is always a banquet in the world.

"Well, since fellow daoists still have things to do, I don't want to keep fellow daoists too much. I just hope that if fellow daoists are free in the future, they will come to Taiyin star to do it. My sister and I will definitely welcome you with all our strength."

Looking at Xi He's pretty serious face, Lin Long smiled slightly: "Okay, if I have free time, I will definitely come again."

After finishing speaking, with a thought in Lin Long's mind, he transmitted the voice to San Xiao and Zhao Gongming.

The four of them soon came to Lin Long's side, together with Chang Xi.

Although San Xiao and Zhao Gongming stayed comfortably in Taiyin Star, they did not dare to violate Lin Long's decision, so they could only obediently follow Lin Long to leave.

"The two fellow daoists stay here and say goodbye."

Lin Long nodded to Sister Xihe, and then turned into a golden light, leading Sanxiao and Zhao Gongming away from Taiyin Star.

Seeing the figures of the people leaving, Xi He stood there for a long time, unable to regain his senses.

"Sister, since you don't want him to go, why don't you tell me?"

As sisters, others couldn't see what Xi He was thinking, but how could Chang Xi not understand?

My sister is really reluctant to leave Fellow Daoist Lin Long!

Hearing Changxi's words, Xi Heqiao blushed, "Stop talking nonsense, fellow Taoist Lin Long has business to do."

Having said that, Xi He hurriedly collected his emotions, turned his head and gave Chang Xi a look: "You little girl, although fellow Daoist Lin Long and us are called fellow daoists, but with his cultivation and seniority, he is our senior." Never exaggerate, don't make jokes!"

"Hehe, seniors are seniors. Besides, Fellow Daoist Lin Long doesn't want us to be called seniors. Sister, don't you think this is what Fellow Daoist Lin Long did on purpose? Maybe Fellow Daoist Lin Long likes sister too, otherwise why would you want to call me senior?" Comparable to Daoist friends?"

Changxi watched her sister hastily conceal her panic, and laughed playfully.

And Xi He was told his thoughts, and immediately became angry from embarrassment: "You little girl still said, look at me if I don't deal with you!"

The Lunar Star was filled with the sounds of the two sisters playing and playing.

But at this moment, Lin Long, San Xiao, Zhao Gongming and others have already returned to the prehistoric world.

But looking at the place in front of him, Lin Long frowned slightly: "This, it seems to be the land of the West!"


		