

Lin Long turned around and looked at the once top Chaos Demon God in front of him.

I saw Pangu in front of me with a burly figure, a simple and honest face, dressed in animal skin clothes, with a rough giant ax pinned to his waist, and he looked like a firewood chopper.

"I've seen God Pangu!"

After seeing the phantom of Pangu, Lin Long bowed again.

Pan Gu was incarnate in the prehistoric world. If we really want to say it, everything in this prehistoric world should be called Father God.

Lin Long's obeisance was only out of respect, and he had no other thoughts.

A simple and honest smile appeared on Pangu's face, and he scratched his head in embarrassment.

"You don't need to be so polite. Speaking of which, I still have something to ask you today."

"You have also seen that right now I am just a phantom left over from will, and I am not Pangu myself."

"If it wasn't for you, my will would soon dissipate."

Lin Long narrowed his eyes slightly: "What is the meaning of this? Why didn't I come? Your will is about to dissipate? Or is it because I came that you were able to come out?"

He was keenly aware of something wrong with Pangu's words.

In the past, I had never heard of the existence of Pan Gu's will on Mount Buzhou.

Pan Gu smiled at Lin Long: "There's no need to guess, it's just as you thought, I was able to wake up because of your existence."

"You comprehended the law of strength, and deduced many of my supernatural powers, which gave me a little more branding in the prehistoric world. Only then did you barely condense a will."

really!

Lin Long thought to himself.

Without himself, Pangu's will would never have appeared.

Lin Long continued to ask: "Then dare to ask senior, why are you looking for me today?"

Pan Gu didn't answer right away, but walked to the edge of the cliff and looked at the Wu tribe from top to bottom.

"I would like to ask you to take care of the witch clan and help them survive the catastrophe."

Lin Long was slightly taken aback.

What does Pangu mean? Could it be that he also knows the ending of the Lich Tribulation?

Before Lin Long could ask, he listened to Pan Gu's explanation.

"I can feel that someone is trying to control the prehistoric world and erase the imprint of my existence little by little."

"Although we can't guess who did it, it must be a lost Chaos Demon God."

"The Witch Clan is my bloodline, so I know it without thinking about it, and I will definitely not escape this disaster."

"I don't want them to disappear completely in the wild."

"Your potential is good. Although you are a wild creature, you have already begun to transform into a Chaos Demon God."

"But you're still missing something crucial."

Lin Long asked, "What's missing?"

Pan Gu turned around, looked at Lin Long and said with a smile, "The seed of the Dao is the seed of the law of the Dao."

"The Dao Seed is something that every Chaos Demon God is born with."

"Owning the Dao Seed is equivalent to having the Dao License, which can prove the Dao Saint."

Lin Long immediately understood that this thing is like the majestic purple energy of heaven, without which one cannot become holy.

According to Pan Gu, each of the Chaos Demon Gods has a Dao Seed, which means that each of them has the potential to become a Dao Saint.

Based on this inference, there must be more than seven purple auras in the primordial way of heaven.

It's just that the remaining Hongmeng Ziqi is firmly controlled by Hongjun.

After all, Hongjun is not the way of heaven, and the six saints are the limit he can control.

This is why there are only six saints in the world.

Although he knew some secrets, Lin Long couldn't be happy at all.

If it was true what Pangu said, he would be overtaken by Hongjun again in a short time.

After all, Hongjun's predecessor was the Chaos Demon God, so he must also have a Dao seed.

Lin Long didn't give up, looked at Pan Gu, and asked with a serious expression: "Dare to ask Senior Pan Gu, is there any other way to obtain this kind of Tao besides innate?"

"There are only three thousand Dao seeds, which are fixed."

"Unless you plunder the Dao Seeds of other Chaos Demon Gods, there is absolutely no other way to obtain them."

Lin Long's brows furrowed even deeper.

"If this is the case, it will be troublesome."

He and Hongjun, the sixth child, had already become enemies, and sooner or later there would be a battle.

"I thought I broke through to Hunyuan Da Luo Jinxian early and overwhelmed Hongjun. I didn't expect that I still have such a big disadvantage with him."

Just when Lin Long was thinking about what to do next, Pangu Will phantom said again: "If you want, I have a Dao Seed here, which I can give to you."

As he spoke, Pangu flipped his hands and took out a seed exuding crystal light.

As soon as this thing appeared, Lin Long felt the law of force in his consciousness throbbing.

There are a total of 3,000 Dao Seeds, which exactly correspond to the 3,000 Dao.

Lin Long's breathing was a little short.

This is no longer a pie in the sky, but a mine in the sky.

But reason still made Lin Long calm down.

It was impossible for Pangu to give himself such a good thing so easily, saying that he was taking care of the Wu clan, but this little bargaining chip was not enough to change his way to become a great saint.

Lin Long took two deep breaths to calm himself down, then looked up at Pan Gu and asked, "What do I need to do if I want this Dao Seed?"

"It's definitely not as simple as helping the Wu clan."

Pan Gu smiled and nodded: "That's right, it's just my request to you to take care of the Wu Clan. If you want to get this Dao Seed, then there is another thing you need to do."

"I don't want the world I incarnate to be completely controlled by a certain person, at least not the Chaos Demon God."

"Take this Dao Seed, you must help me get rid of the guy who is trying to completely control the Great Desolation, and guide the Great Desolation to run on its own."

Sure enough, there is no benefit in this world for nothing.

Needless to say, Lin Long knew that the person who tried to master Honghuang must be that old fellow Hongjun.

But he didn't know what Pangu meant.

Lin Long understood Pan Gu's thoughts.

The prehistoric world is like Pangu's child, so how can you rest assured if it is handed over to outsiders?

As the Chaos Demon God, Hongjun was an outsider to Pan Gu.

If it weren't for the current Pangu's will, he might have hacked at the door with an ax at this moment.

Lin Long thought about it.

"If I take this seed, Hongjun and I will never die forever."

"But if I don't pick it up, I will probably be stuck in Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian for the rest of my life, with no further possibility."

After a little weighing, Lin Long already had a judgment in his mind.

"Okay, I promise you."

"But what you said was bringing Hong Huang back to the right track, what should I do?"

Pangu smiled lightly.

"You don't need to do anything deliberately, as long as no one wants to replace Tiandao, the rest will be left to Tiandao to run on its own."

"Of course, if there is a problem with the Dao of Heaven, you need to take action to destroy him, and then generate a new Dao of Heaven."

"You have already mastered the supernatural power of reshaping the Dao, it shouldn't be difficult for you, right?"

After speaking, Pan Gu planted the Dao and moved closer to Lin Long.


		