

After leaving the range of the sun star, Lin Long was fine. On the contrary, several disciples followed behind, all a little unhappy.

They were fighting for Lin Long in their hearts, thinking that the two guys on Sun Star really didn't know what to do.

"Master, where are we going next?"

Bi Xiao said: "The creatures in the ancient starry sky are so rude, why don't we go back, Master."

Lin Long looked at his disciples with a smile on his face, and said, "Okay, it's not a big deal to be left or right. Traveling abroad is just a matter of nature. If you insist on something too much, wouldn't you deviate from your original intention? Let's talk about it. Nothing to lose, right?"

Not only was there no loss, Lin Long also led him to understand the Zhou Tian Xingdou formation, but he didn't like it.

"That's right, what Master said is reasonable, and if they don't see Master, they are the ones who lose. When they find out in the future, I'm afraid they won't even have time to cry!"

After Bi Xiao finished speaking, Yun Xiao and Qiong Xiao also echoed and said, "Little sister is right, it is their great fortune to be able to meet Master, they don't know how to cherish it, and there will be times when they regret it in the future."

"Yes, yes, this sun star has a shallow source of blessing."

San Xiao turned into a little girl, and praised Lin Long for a while, and Lin Long couldn't laugh or cry: "It's okay, it's almost enough, since we won't go to Sun Star, let's go to Taiyin Star to have a look."

Lin Long half-jokingly said: "I just hope that the Taiyin Star will not keep us out again."

"Hmph, how dare they! If you keep Master out of the door again, I, I will fight them!"

Bi Xiao pinched her waist and said puffed up.

"Fight?"

Lin Long laughed and said, "The creatures on the Lunar Star are at least Daluo Jinxian. You rookies who don't even reach Jinxian, how can you compete with others?"

As soon as he said this, Bi Xiao immediately hugged Lin Long's arm, swaying from side to side coquettishly: "Isn't there a master..."

Feeling the uneven touch on his arm, Lin Long shook his head: "Cooperating with you to pick things up, is it your turn to be a teacher when you fight?"

boom.

As he spoke, Lin Long stretched out his hand and tapped Bi Xiao's smooth forehead.

"Hey, Master, why did you hit me?"

Bi Xiao covered her head and looked at Lin Long aggrieved.

On the other hand, Lin Long, with his hands behind his back, flew slowly towards the direction of the lunar star: "The way of practice is to practice. When encountering troubles, you need to be calm and calm. Don't be arrogant and domineering at ordinary times. Safety comes first. As a teacher, you need to be calm and calm. Not much, with a sincere heart, don’t make any violent thoughts, because once you make a bad thought, it means that a bad omen is coming, how can you keep safe?"

"Once your own safety is gone, then there will be no future."

Listening to Lin Long's earnest teachings, both San Xiao and Zhao Gongming realized that they had just committed a taboo in practice.

After thinking for a while, the few people stopped clamoring to vent their anger on Lin Long, but obediently followed behind Lin Long, observing Lin Long's every word and deed, and unconsciously, their mood improved a lot.

Looking at the pensive looks of these disciples, Lin Long also nodded secretly.

If you don't speak well, you can't understand, and if you don't pick up the lights, you can't understand. The understanding of these disciples is considered to be past, and there is no need to say too much.

And in this prehistoric world, Lin Long's teaching theory is definitely the only one. After all, the prehistoric prehistoric people still believe in the prey of the weak, and the prehistoric creatures don't care much about karma.

All the monks are blindly pursuing the realm of cultivation, but after the Lich Calamity and the Conferred God Calamity comes, the monks will gradually feel the trouble of karma on their bodies.

The strong karma has even prevented many monks from improving their cultivation.

Why did the glorious scene of later generations cut off and teach ten thousand immortals come to court shattered?

The big reason is that the disciples under the sect don't pay attention to their own cultivation, and their karma is overwhelming.

If not, even if Yuanshi Tianzun and others wanted to target them, they would not be able to come up with any decent excuses.

As a result, the sect was cut off and exterminated from then on, and the disciples under the sect died, fled, defected, and rebelled.

This kind of thing is not unheard of in the prehistoric world. The dragon clan, phoenix clan, unicorn clan, witch clan, and demon clan are all living examples.

But once I reached a certain moment of superiority, those historical lessons were completely forgotten.

Even the master Tongtian, the sage of the later generations, is not exempt from the custom.

Have to say, this is kind of sad.

Lin Long didn't want all his disciples to become the kind of people who didn't care about karma. Taking advantage of the fact that the minds of a few people are as pure as a piece of paper, they can just cultivate their xinxing.

Otherwise, once Sanxiao and Zhao Gongming have their own ideas in the future, it will be too difficult to cultivate.

While talking, several people have arrived at the boundary of the lunar star.

Compared with the fiery feeling of the sun star, the lunar star is a little deserted.

Standing outside the field of stars and looking inside, you can see the stars, like the morning glow, but it is not a beautiful scene.

Standing outside the Taiyin Star, Lin Long said loudly: "I am Lin Long. I have heard that the Taiyin Star is famous for a long time. I am here to pay a special visit today. I hope fellow Taoists will sacrifice their lives to see it."

The voice was transmitted to Lunar Star, but there was no response for a while.

San Xiao and Zhao Gongming frowned, but with Lin Long's previous teaching, they did not speak this time, but stood quietly behind Lin Long.

After waiting for a while, there was still no movement, Lin Long shook his head, and planned to leave with a few disciples.

However, just when the few people were about to leave, a slightly cold voice came from the Lunar Star.

"Fellow Daoist, please stay."

In the next moment, the restriction covering the Lunar Star slowly opened, revealing two elegant female creatures behind.

During his travels in the prehistoric times, Lin Long also saw many female creatures.

For example, Nuwa, for example, women of three ethnic groups, for example, Sanxiao.

But when it comes to looks, these two are definitely at the forefront.

The second daughter was dressed in long robes, elegant and luxurious. After seeing Lin Long, the second daughter walked out of the Lunar Star and saluted Lin Long gracefully.

“Xihe.”

"Changxi."

"I've met Fellow Daoist Lin Long."

The cold voice just now was obviously coming from Xi He's mouth. Compared with it, Chang Xi seemed a little more lively and charming.

"You two fellow daoists don't need to be too polite. Lin Long came to visit rashly. I hope you two fellow daoists will not be offended. These are my disciples, and they are considered juniors."

Lin Long opened his mouth and said, Sanxiao and Zhao Gongming hurriedly cupped their hands: "I have seen Senior Xihe and Changxi."

Xi He smiled faintly: "There is no need to be too polite."

But Xi He said: "Friend Lin Long, this is not a place to talk. Since the Lunar Star is here, why don't you go inside and talk about it."

"Thank you, fellow daoist."

Under the leadership of Xi He and Chang Xi, Lin Long, San Xiao and others soon entered the Lunar Star.

A palace that looked like a cold jade carving came into the eyes of Lin Long and his party.

"Wow, it's so beautiful here!"

Bixiao's beautiful big eyes began to shine.

Sure enough, women find it hard to resist beautiful things, even fairies.

When Xi He and Chang Xi in front of them heard Bi Xiao's words, they also smiled faintly: "This is the residence of my two sisters. No one has come here before, but I don't want to entertain distinguished guests today."

"The Lunar Star is no better than the Great Desolate Land. There is nothing that can be brought out to entertain you. Instead, my sister made some pastries and tea with the laurel flowers on the Lunar Star. If you don't mind, you can sit down and have a taste."

After Xihe finished speaking, he turned his head to signal Changxi.

Chang Xi nodded, and then slowly left.

But Lin Long said with a smile: "The two fellow daoists are too modest, this laurel is a rare and good thing, coupled with the craftsmanship of the two fellow daoists, today Lin Long and his disciples are considered blessed."


		