

Something happened here, Lin Long turned and left, leaving behind a group of members of the Immortal League with confused faces.

That's the end of it?

The Qingmu Dragon God actually just saved the East Prince and the Immortal League, and then there was nothing to say, not even an order.

What is he plotting?

Is it so difficult to understand the mind of the boss?

This is totally unreasonable.

As the leader of the Xianmeng, Dong Wanggong also looked confused and couldn't understand why Lin Long wanted to save him.

According to his understanding, if Qingmu Longshen did not hesitate to fight Dao Zu, there must be something extremely difficult waiting for him.

But Lin Long didn't give a single order, which made Dong Wanggong puzzled.

After an unknown amount of time, a subordinate of the Immortal League walked up to Prince Dong.

"My lord, my lord, what will happen after I wait?"

Duke Dong frowned, stood up with the support of his subordinates, looked at the direction where Lin Long disappeared, and sighed: "Go back to Little Penglai Island first. Starting today, the Xianmeng will no longer expand outwards, and I intend to join or stay in the Xianmeng." You can come here."

"If you don't intend to stay here, you don't have to force it."

Although I don't know what Qingmu Longshen wants to do under his protection, but since the other party wants to keep the fairy alliance, then it's right to do it yourself, but you don't have to be as high-profile as in the past.

As everyone knows, Lin Long and his disciples who are hiding in the void are watching his every move at this moment.

Zhao Gongming, San Xiao, and the six-eared macaque all came.

Lin Long was going to fight Hongjun, if he could watch such a battle, he would benefit a lot. Of course, he won't lose his fortune to outsiders, and he brought all his apprentices here.

However, the few apprentices were all hidden in the void by Lin Long, so they would not be affected by the aftermath of the battle.

Now that the battle is over, Lin Long also came to the void, watching the Dong Wanggong's every move together with them.

Seeing the decision made by the little old man, Lin Long nodded in satisfaction: "Hehe, this Eastern Prince is not too stupid."

"Master, you don't hesitate to fight Daozu to save Duke Dong, and now you leave without saying a word, what is the reason?" Bi Xiao asked curiously.

Zhao Gongming, Liu Er, Yun Xiao, and Qiong Xiao also looked at Lin Long, not understanding what Lin Long was trying to do to protect Duke Dong.

Lin Long looked at the Eastern Prince below, and explained with a smile: "Hehe, Hongjun feels that a mere Immortal Alliance and an Eastern Prince are insignificant to the entire Honghuang. As long as time passes slowly, what happened today will be in the Honghuang Slowly forgetting, it has no effect on the greatness of his preaching."

"But now both the Wu Clan and the Yao Clan are about to leave Honghuang. On Honghuang, they are really big forces. Only Yaoguang Fairyland and this fairy alliance are left."

"As long as the Wuzu and Yaozu don't return to the Great Desolation, and the Immortal Alliance stays in place, it will be impossible for him to complete his idea of ​​preaching the Great Desolation."

"Today's action, as a teacher, I have completely torn skins with Hongjun. If you guys are in the wilderness, you have to be more careful. Although Hongjun won't do anything to you guys, it is not impossible to calculate casually." possible."

Lin Long reminded several apprentices.

When Yun Xiao and Zhao Gongming heard the words, serious expressions appeared in their eyes.

Qiong Xiao and Liu Er nodded seriously.

Only Bi Xiao, with a smile on his face, stepped forward and hugged Lin Long's arm.

"Hee hee, Master, with you here, even Hongjun wouldn't dare to do anything to his disciples."

Lin Long stretched out his hand and flicked Bi Xiao's forehead lightly, and immediately said "Ouch" to Bi Xiao, and stepped back tearfully, with a look of grievance on his face.

"Let me teach you a lesson. This matter is not a joke. Even if you are a teacher, you have to be careful about Hongjun's calculations. You little guy dares to take chances. You should fight."

After teaching his disciples, Lin Long brought them back to Dragon God Realm.

Hongjun is not a master who likes to suffer.

Today, the matter of the witch and demon tribe will definitely be discovered, and he will definitely find a way to drag the witch and demon tribe back to the wilderness, so that the two tribes will have conflicts again, until they start a war.

Of course, Lin Long couldn't let this kind of thing happen, so today's matter is actually not over at all.

He and Hongjun will definitely fight more and more times in the future.

The two had just fought in the void, but neither of them had used their full strength.

Lin Long just used the magical power of Heaven and Earth Sword Furnace, plus some power of laws.

As for Hongjun, he just used the good fortune jade plate, and didn't even use the power of heaven.

This time of fighting, they just tested each other out of each other's realm, and there is nothing else other than that.

The main body returned to the Dragon God Realm, and Lin Long's Mosquito Taoist avatar immediately sensed it.

At this moment, Taoist Mosquito’s avatar was still in Nuwa’s Dojo in Buzhou Mountain. Looking at Nuwa and Fuxi who were sitting opposite him, Lin Long stood up and said, “Fuxi, Nuwa, the matter of Honghuang Xianmeng has already been resolved.” Temporarily resolved."

"I'm here to see you brothers and sisters, and to solve the troubles of Xianmeng. Now that the matter is over, it's time for me to leave."

When she heard that Lin Long was about to leave again, Nuwa immediately became anxious: "Brother Lin, why are you leaving again? Where are you going? But what is the urgent matter? Can I help..."

Lin Long came here this time and stayed in Buzhou Mountain for only a thousand years, which made Nuwa lament that time goes by too fast.

Listening to Nuwa's series of questions, Lin Long raised his eyes to the starry sky and said, "Although Hongjun was made to retreat this time, I still have to make another plan, otherwise I will just sit and wait for death. The next time I will suffer, it may be me." .”

His current realm is already Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian, and his realm is not below Hongjun.

Moreover, because there are no witches and monsters between the heaven and the earth, the sky and the earth are clear, so some secrets can be deduced.

With the help of his own way to reshape and know the future, maybe he can deduce Hongjun's next move.

In this way, knowing Hongjun's movements, he can make some arrangements in advance.

Just when his body had just returned to the Dragon God Realm, he had already begun to deduce the secret.

[You successfully forced Hongjun back and returned to the Dragon God Realm, ready to completely repair the Chaos Orb. One hundred thousand years later, the Yaozu gave birth to ten Golden Crow Princes, causing chaos and desolation, no one to manage, countless creatures sought the Dragon God Realm for protection! 】

This is the result of the deduction of the future.

Ni Zhifu couldn't deduce things that had nothing to do with him. If the Dragon God Realm hadn't been involved, there might not be any gains from this deduction.

But judging from the results of this deduction, I should take the time to go to the ancient starry sky.

His main body wants to completely repair the Chaos Orb, and he doesn't want to waste time, so the matter of running this trip is naturally left to the avatar.

This is also the reason why the avatar left Buzhou Mountain.

It's time to go to the lunar star!


In Chaos Zixiao Palace, Hongjun was already sitting on the futon with a calm face.

But the bubbling breath around him showed that Hongjun was not as calm as he appeared on the surface at this moment.

After a long time, Hongjun slowly opened his eyes, the sparkle in his eyes was like water without any fluctuation.

"Witch Clan, Monster Clan, they have deviated so much from the original plan."

"It is necessary to let the Lizu and Yaozu return to the prehistoric world."

"If there is no conflict between the two races, the speed of measuring robbery will be too slow."

Hongjun practiced with the help of the Dao of Heaven, and the progress of the evolution of the heaven and the earth was the speed at which his practice improved.

The faster the amount of robbery evolves, the faster Hongjun's cultivation will improve.

It is precisely because of this that Hongjun will continue to push forward one calamity after another behind the scenes.

If you practice normally and reach the realm of a saint, if you want to improve, you have to calculate it in hundreds of millions of years.

But Hongjun, relying on the evolution of heaven, his cultivation base is like riding a rocket.

In the original prehistoric world, it was just a lich who measured calamities, but after millions of years, he jumped directly from a saint to the realm of harmony.

That is Hunyuan Wuji Luo Jinxian!

Lin Long is a man with cheats, with a lot of good luck, and epiphany is like eating and drinking water. Just like this, he has to keep holding Hongjun back, so that he can be at the same speed as Hongjun's practice.

It can be seen how terrifying Hongjun's cultivation speed is.

Hongjun thought for a while, and an idea came to his mind.

"Since the Wu Clan and the Yao Clan are not in the prehistoric world, let's start with their respective descendants."


		