

Lin Long's mind turned, thinking of the pros and cons after Yuan Shi's accident, he quickly made a decision.

Although Yuanshi is a pawn played by Hongjun, he also has a great connection with the way of heaven.

If he really died in the hands of Humanity, there would be a great influence between Heaven and Humanity. At that time, once Heaven was damaged, if Hongjun took the opportunity to devour Heaven, he would cause himself much more trouble than saints like Yuanshi.

Therefore, even if Yuanshi is not pleasing to the eye, Lin Long can't just watch Yuanshi die at this time!

You know, although the sage Yuanshen entrusts the Dao of Heaven, the Dao of Humanity is equal to the Dao of Heaven after all, and they are both one of the three Daos. Lin Long can't guarantee that Dao of Humanity can't kill Yuan Shi.

Yuanshi can die, but it must not be now!

In fact, there was such a big commotion here that anyone in the prehistoric world who had a cultivation level above Da Luo Jinxian could feel it.

Among the three Qings, Lao Tzu and Tong Tian have also arrived here.

Seeing Human Dao trying to kill Yuan Shi at this time, the two of them were anxious but unable to help.

The strength of humanity was beyond their expectations, and it was impossible to resist it with the power of a saint alone.

And the West's quasi-promotion and reception, seeing that Yuan Shi was about to die in the hands of humanity, naturally it was even more impossible to help.

After all, with the minds of these two people not much bigger than the tip of a needle, if Yuan Shi really died at the hands of humanity, it would be too late for these two people to applaud.

Hong Jun and Luo Hu were watching with cold eyes.

If Yuan Shi died and the Dao of Heaven was damaged, they would attack the Dao of Heaven immediately!

So, how could they possibly help?

If it weren't for the fact that the primordial spirit of the saints of the heavenly way was entrusted to the void, they could not be killed completely, otherwise Hongjun would have wanted to kill a few saints himself.

After all, Hongjun doesn't want to join the Tao now, it doesn't matter if there are these saints or not.

Therefore, they have been silently watching the development of this matter, and of course, they are also wary of Lin Long.

Just as Lin Long knew Hongjun's plan, Hongjun must also know Lin's thoughts.

Yuan Shi is a fuse!

"Hmph, Lin Long, you have spoiled my plan many times before, but this time, it happened suddenly, and you can't make any preparations, just stop you, wait for humanity to kill Yuan Shi, and see what you can do after that?"


Yuan Shi looked at Human Way who was gradually approaching him, and couldn't help showing fear in his eyes.

But he is a saint after all, Yuanshi Tianzun did not make any gestures of running around in a panic, but stood up, looked at humanity, and waited for humanity's punishment to come.

As for Guang Chengzi, he was so frightened that he sat on the ground paralyzed.

He didn't expect that the disaster he caused this time would be so serious that even his master, who is a saint, couldn't protect himself.

Not only that, but even the master is facing death at this moment!


Seeing that Yuanshi Tianzun was about to die in the hands of humanity.

Sudden!

Lin Long's figure suddenly appeared next to Human Dao, grabbing Human Dao's wrist.

"Today's matter, stop here!"

Lin Long's tone was flat, but he revealed an irresistible momentum.

The humanity that was irresistible to Yuanshi Tianzun and Guangchengzi before was stopped lightly in front of Lin Long.

Lin Long's body has not been shown in Honghuang for many years. Many newly promoted Honghuang powers are a little puzzled when they see Lin Long. In front of humanity.

Moreover, from the looks of it, Humanity was directly blocked!

Soon, humane words revealed doubts for these new creatures like Hong Huang.

"Qingmu Dragon God, this person intends to abolish the emperor of the human race, and his heart is to be punished. You also bear the name of the holy father of the human race. Do you want to stop this matter?"

When the prehistoric creatures heard the words of humanity, they suddenly realized.

"It turned out to be the Aoki Dragon God!"

"So he is the Aoki Dragon God!"

"I can't see it at all. I heard that Qingmu Dragon God is a strong man of the same level as Daozu. I thought he was also an old fairy."

"Cut, how can someone with great supernatural powers judge it by appearance?"

In the prehistoric world, there are many legends about Lin Long, even compared to Taoist Hongjun, there are only a lot more.

The reason is naturally very simple, because Lin Long is too mysterious.

Unlike other saint sects, Lin Long often appears in the ears of all beings. He himself has rarely appeared in the prehistoric world these years, and it is said that he has been living in seclusion in the Dragon God Realm.

The Dragon God Realm and Lin Long seemed to be independent from the prehistoric world, but the powerful people with a heart found that behind every major event in the prehistoric world, there seemed to be the figure of this dragon god.

And people in the Dragon God Realm rarely appear outside.

From time to time in the Dragon God Realm, there would be some children of the three clans who couldn't stand the constraints and were expelled.

But even these children of the three clans who were expelled from the Dragon God Realm are still upper-class creatures in the prehistoric world, holding many resources that the powerful are envious of.

The Dragon God Realm is a holy place that countless beings yearn for.


Lin Long shook his head when he heard Humanity's words, and said, "I don't care to punish the chief culprit, but Yuanshi is a saint. If you kill him, the law of heaven will be flawed."

On the side, Yuan Shi, who was already planning to die, had a complicated expression when he heard Lin Long's words.

The relationship between myself and this dragon god has always been bad, and I have always been an enemy and not a friend, but I didn't expect that it was him who came to save me in the end.

This is undoubtedly a kind of torture for the proud Yuanshi.

Even worse than killing Yuanshi.

At this time, Hongjun who had been hiding in the dark also appeared.

"Dragon God, long time no see, you shouldn't stop what happened today."

"Guang Chengzi vainly tried to harm the emperor of the human race. He deserved his death. Yuanshi Tianzun, as a saint, knew his disciple was guilty and intended to cover him up. He deserved this calamity."

As soon as he appeared on the stage, Hongjun put on an air of impartiality and awe-inspiring righteousness.

This attitude made all the prehistoric creatures stunned.

"What's the situation, isn't Yuanshi a disciple of Taoist ancestor? Isn't Dragon God the enemy of Taoist ancestor? Why is Dragon God trying to save Yuanshi sage now, but Taoist ancestor wants to kill Yuanshi instead?"

In the western sky, a burst of sunlight flashed by, and Zhunti and Jieying also appeared.

"Good, we saints should defend order even more. The three realms of heaven, earth and man should all exist in order. Senior Brother Yuanshi should have suffered such a catastrophe. This behavior further shows that Senior Brother Yuanshi's Sacred Heart is not perfect, and he should enter reincarnation and experience the Sacred Heart. .”

Zhunti looked at Yuanshi, as if I was doing it for your own good.

Yuan Shi gritted his teeth and didn't say a word, but he completely hated Zhun Ti and Jie Yin, the two Western guys.

These two guys were annoying before, but I didn't expect to hate them to this extent.

Sending into the world of mortals to experience the Sacred Heart?

As a saint, what Yuanshi Tianzun cares most about is his face. When he is sent into reincarnation and experienced the sacred heart, he will have no memory of his previous life. How many people will watch him make a fool of himself in the world of mortals, and when he really becomes a saint again, this face will be considered Lost it all.

At the same time, Tongtian and Laozi no longer hide and show themselves.

The two did not speak, but looked at Yuan Shi with complex expressions on their faces.

Just before the two of them came out, Hongjun had already sent a voice transmission to Laozi and Tongtian.

As long as they are willing to support themselves in abolishing Yuanshi this time, they can help the two of them remove the hidden dangers in the primordial purple energy.

After being sanctified for many years, how could the saints fail to notice the problem of primordial purple energy.

Now that Hongjun said this, Lao Tzu and the others suddenly realized that this was Hongjun's backhand in order to control himself.

Maybe it was originally left by these saints to control themselves.

But because Hongjun failed to join forces successfully, it became a hidden danger.

As long as he agrees to temporarily abolish Yuanshi Tianzun's holy throne and reincarnate and rebuild, Hongjun is willing to help them get rid of this trouble.

The price is that my second brother has to suffer.

Therefore, Lao Tzu hesitated for a moment, and said lightly: "I support humanity."

In just a few words, Yuanshi Tianzun suddenly opened his eyes wide, and looked at Lao Tzu in shock: "Brother, you!"

Facing Yuan Shi's gaze, Lao Tzu has already turned his head.

At this time, countless prehistoric creatures really realized that the saint is ruthless.

Seeing Laozi's reaction, Yuanshi Tianzun's complexion was miserable, and his heart was ashamed. When he looked at Laozi again, the hatred in his eyes was no longer concealed.

Seeing more and more people supporting Hongjun, Lin Long didn't panic at all.

Today's matter, it is unreasonable to say, after all, we have to do it.

Lin Long just wanted to see if any surprises would happen next.

At this moment, Tongtian suddenly drew Qingping sword and walked to Yuanshi's side.

Yuanshi thought that Tongtian and Lao Tzu had already discussed to do something, so he just closed his eyes and waited for Tongtianjiao to take the initiative.

However, when Tongtian arrived in front of Yuanshi, Qingping's sword suddenly turned!

"Whoever dares to kill Yuanshi today has to ask me about the sword in my hand, whether or not I agree!"


		