

"Since the Wu Clan and the Yao Clan are not in the prehistoric world, let's start with their respective descendants."

Hongjun's idea is actually not complicated.

Now that the two Lich clans have left Honghuang, with their asses thinking, they know that this matter must have something to do with Lin Long.

It is not so easy to bring the Lich clan back to the prehistoric world and rekindle disputes.

Instead of wasting time on this, it is better to change your mind as soon as possible.

How can the witches and monsters be pushed out so easily?

Since you Twelve Ancestral Witches and Emperor Jun Taiyi are unwilling to take the initiative to provoke disputes, very good, then I will give you a reason to return to the wilderness!

The newly born witches and monsters will inevitably be curious about the prehistoric world, and it is impossible to live in a small world all their lives.

As long as you seize an opportunity, let the two sides cause a conflict and cause casualties, and then mediate it yourself, I am not afraid that there will be no war between the two Lich clans!

"In the prehistoric world, there should be a heavenly marriage. It should have been a sage's chance, but now I can't control so much, let's let this matter come to the world earlier!"

After Hongjun thought about it, without wasting time, he got up and went to the ancient starry sky.

But at this moment in the ancient starry sky, Lin Long's avatar Mosquito Taoist stood outside the restriction of the Lunar Star Formation.

There is still a void in front of my eyes, and it seems that there is nothing.

But for Lin Long, who arranged the formation, Lin Long naturally knew that this place was exactly where the Lunar Star was.

This formation was arranged by the main body, how could he not see it?

However, although he can enter at any time, the dojo has an owner after all, so Lin Long decided to say hello.

"Fellow Daoist Xihe, Fellow Daoist Changxi, and Lin Long are here to visit, please open the restriction!"

Lin Long's voice was restrained by the formation and transmitted to the Taiyin Star, but there was no reaction in the Taiyin Star.

"Something's wrong, could it be that the two sisters are not on the lunar planet at this time? Could it be that they have gone out for a trip?"

Lin Long frowned slightly, but suddenly smiled again: "I'm confused, it's a clone who came here at this time, if it wasn't for the main body, how could it be called to open the door!"

Shaking his head, Lin Long said again: "You two fellow Taoists, I am indeed Lin Long. I have something to discuss, so please come and see me!"

As he said that, Lin Long showed a green dragon figure behind his back.

In the lunar star.

Standing in front of Guanghan Palace, Xi He and Chang Xi looked at Lin Long who was standing outside the formation through the restraint of the formation.

"Sister, is he really Brother Lin?"

Chang Xi was somewhat skeptical, after all, Taoist Mosquito and Lin Long's body were too different in appearance.

For so many years, because of the restraint of Lin Long's formation, the two sisters spent a relatively comfortable life on the lunar planet.

Usually there are creatures who come to disturb, but because of the isolation of the formation, they all leave angrily.

"If he is really Big Brother Lin, he has his own way to get in, don't bother..."

As soon as Xi He finished saying this, he suddenly saw the green dragon figure appearing behind Lin Long, and his beautiful eyes were full of surprises: "It's really Brother Lin, hurry up, open the restriction..."

As she said, she hurriedly mobilized her mana and opened the formation without waiting for Chang Xi to react.

I saw the spells in Xihe's hands moving in unison, and during the changes, the magic circle that had been hidden slowly emerged.

"Brother Lin, it's really you!"

Changxi's temper was off, and she was somewhat close to Bixiao, bouncing up and down in front of Lin Long's avatar to look him up and down curiously.

It may be because both of them have older sisters, they are usually quite pampered, and they still maintain some innocence and liveliness in their temperaments.

And Xi He has the temperament of an iceberg beauty.

However, at this moment, Xi He, who was as beautiful as an iceberg, couldn't hold back his excitement, and looked at Lin Long in a breath of surprise.

I haven't seen each other in ten thousand years, but the two sisters are even more beautiful.

"The demon queens who can be the demon tribe are all extremely beautiful, and they are cheaper than Di Jun."

"It's a pity, this life can't make your wish come true."

He came here to destroy the so-called heavenly marriage. Di Jun and Tai Yi can find a concubine, but they must not be these two.

After all, only the combination of the sun star and the lunar star can be considered as a celestial marriage. Once the celestial marriage is completed, it will be regarded as advancing the prehistoric cycle, and Hongjun's cultivation will be improved again.

And without the Heavenly Marriage, Hongjun's plan to strike at the ten Jinwu princes of the Yaozu would also come to nothing.

After all, without Heavenly Marriage, Di Jun may not be able to give birth to ten Golden Crow Princes!

As for the two parties in this heavenly marriage, Di Jun and Xi and Chang Xi, Lin Long could only say sorry in his heart.

No matter what, it must be dismantled!

Without Hongjun's random mixing, monks in the prehistoric world would generally choose to practice with peace of mind, and Taoist companions are not necessary.

"Brother Lin, long time no see."

Xi He wanted to hold back his joy, but he couldn't help showing it.

And Lin Long touched Changxi's little head with a smile, and then said, "Indeed, it's been a long time since I've seen you. This is not a place to talk. Don't you invite me in for a sit down?"

"Quick, quick, Brother Lin please come in."

At this time, the two sisters realized that it was impolite to let Lin Long stand outside the dojo, and hurriedly dragged Lin Long into the dojo.

Entering Taiyin Star, Xihe and Changxi entertained Lin Long with laurel cream and sweet-scented osmanthus wine as usual.

"Compared to ten thousand years ago, your craftsmanship has improved a lot."

Lin Long opened his mouth to taste it, and praised it again and again.

"Brother Lin Long, you came to him this time not only to taste the laurel paste and sweet-scented osmanthus."

Although the two sisters haven't left Lunar Star much, their minds are extremely clear.

What's more, Lin Long had already said that he had something to discuss.

Lin Long pondered for a moment, but suddenly felt a little embarrassed.

He was not a procrastinating person, but now that the words came to his lips, he didn't know how to speak.

How should I say this?

Tell these two girls, someone wants to introduce you to someone, can you not agree?

This is too outrageous!

But if he didn't say that, how could he prevent Hongjun from coming to propose marriage?

How to stop the heavenly marriage?

Seeing Lin Long's hesitant expression, Xi He couldn't help asking, "Brother Lin Long, what else can we say between you and me?"

"That's right, Brother Lin, if you need my sister's help, you can just ask."

The trusting look of the two sisters made Lin Long even more embarrassed.

Do you have to sacrifice your hue?

This is a bit outrageous.

The majestic Qingmu Dragon God, Hunyuan Da Luo Jinxian powerhouse, the master of the Dragon God Realm, is now trying to destroy people's marriage.

The point is, I don't have a valid reason yet.

It can't be said that you don't marry others, marry me... It's not worth sacrificing your appearance for this.

With the improvement of his cultivation level, Lin Long is not particularly obsessed with the matters of men and women. Of course, he is not too forgetful like Lao Tzu, but he is only thinking about dealing with Hongjun, and he does not think about the matters of men and women for a while. .

"Brother Lin has something to say, just say it."

The two sisters urged again, Lin Long sighed, and said, "Forget it, since I'm not an outsider with you, then I'll be straightforward, and I hope you don't think I'm too abrupt..."

However, just when Lin Long plucked up his courage and wanted to speak directly, another voice sounded from beyond the lunar star.

"I don't know if the two fellow daoists, Xi and Changxi, are here? I am Hongjun. I have something to discuss. I hope the two fellow daoists will show up and meet."

The sudden sound made both Xi He and Chang Xi stunned.

Lin Long's brows furrowed even more.

"The old thing came fast enough."

He thought that he was already ahead of time, but he didn't realize that Hongjun was following him.

When the words came to his lips, he stopped.


"Sister, why did Daozu Hongjun come to us? Do you want to see him?"

Chang Xi asked, if there were others, Xi He and Chang Xi could choose to turn a blind eye.

But Hongjun is a Daoist ancestor and a saint after all, if he provokes the other party, the other party must have a way to get in.

Immediately, the two sisters looked at Lin Long in unison.

Lin Long himself knew that this formation could defend against others but not Hongjun. Moreover, this formation was set up by himself when he had not yet become the Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian. With Hongjun's cultivation base, It's easy to get rid of.

"Forget it, let him come in, let's see what he has to say, if something really happens, I will take action!"

With that said, Lin Long stood up.

Today's matter, I'm afraid it will not go so smoothly.


		