

In the Dragon God Realm, San Xiao, Zhao Gongming and the six-eared macaque soon received a message from Lin Long.

They all love to join in the fun, and at this moment they heard that their master said they would be a matchmaker for the newly recruited junior brother, and without delay, they left the Dragon God Realm and went straight to the small world of the Wu Clan.

In less than half a day, several people had already arrived.

At Houyi's residence, Bixiao, Zhao Gongming, and the six-eared macaque kept watching around Houyi and Dihua.

Seeing Dihua's pretty face turned red, he couldn't even lift his head.

Hou Yi also looked naive, and could only helplessly protect Dihua behind him.

"Houyi has met all the brothers and sisters, let's not stand here, let's sit down and chat."

Hou Yi was clever for a rare time, and found an excuse to relieve the embarrassment in front of him.

Hearing what Hou Yi said, Bi Xiao, Zhao Gongming and the six-eared macaque, the three guys who love to watch the show, had no choice but to sit down peacefully.

The eldest sister Yun Xiao and the second sister Qiong Xiao had already sat aside.

"Junior Brother, the purpose of Master summoning us, we already know, since you treat Dihua sincerely, and Master is also optimistic about you, then I will not say anything, and tomorrow I will set off to Yaozu to tell you about this matter." Family."

The eldest sister Yunxiao made the final decision.

Houyi and Dihua looked at each other, and the joy in their hearts could not be concealed on their faces.

"Thank you, sister!"


the next day.

A group of people rushed to the small world of the Yaozu, in the Lingxiao Palace, Dijun was still sitting at the main seat, and Dihua was standing beside him obediently.

And below, there are Hou Yi, San Xiao, Zhao Gongming, Six Eared Macaque and others.

The eldest sister Yunxiao stepped forward to explain her intentions and offered a dowry gift, so Di Jun couldn't help but make things difficult.

Fortunately, everything finally settled down.

After all, Di Jun also knew that San Xiao and Zhao Gongming were Lin Long's disciples. With Lin Long's face, he would naturally not refuse.

To make things difficult is just to put on the demon emperor's airs.

Especially after learning that Hou Yi was actually Lin Long's disciple, Di Jun finally recognized himself as his prospective son-in-law.

The next step is naturally to choose a good day, choose an auspicious day, and the Yaozu will become lively again.

But after a hundred years, Houyi and Dihua's lovers finally got married.

The relationship between the Yaozu and the Wuzu also began to advance by leaps and bounds.

Knowing this, Lin Long nodded in satisfaction.

After another hundred years, Hou Yi went out to practice again and finally broke through to the middle stage of Daluo Jinxian.

The twelve ancestor witches of the witch clan also donated blood for him as promised, helping Hou Yi become the thirteenth ancestor witch.

Di Jun and Tai Yi also sent rare congratulatory gifts to the Wu Clan, which also indicates that the relationship between the two clans has gone further.

Knowing this, Lin Long directly called Dihua to himself, and rebuilt the supernatural powers with the help of the Dao, and recondensed the blood for Dihua.

The Golden Crow's blood, which was somewhat mixed before, became completely pure after passing through Lin Long's hands.

Dihua's potential to follow suit has gone even further.

Whether it is Houyi or Dihua, even if they don't become the patriarchs of the two clans in the future, they will definitely have decision-making significance in the middle and high levels of the clan.

So far, Lin Long's goal has been achieved.

Walking out of the Pangu Hall, Lin Long looked at the Wu Clan world in front of him.

In the small world of the Wu Clan at this time, there are already many monsters, and they seem to have various contacts with the Wu Clan.

"That's right, all that's left is to wait."

Lin Long has never heard from Hongjun since Taiyinxing and Hongjun met last time.

But after thinking about it, one can guess that Hongjun's arrangement has not yet fully unfolded. After he fell down with the Yaozu, he waited for time to brew. At this time, Hongjun should still be in retreat.

For this, Lin Long was quite looking forward to it.

I don't know what kind of expression this old man will have when the heir of Emperor Jun, who is planned by Hongjun to trigger the Lich War, finally marries with the witch clan.

Of course, for so many years, Lin Long's avatar stayed in the Wu Clan, while his main body stayed in the Dragon Temple, slowly repairing the Chaos Orb.

Time flies by in a blink of an eye.

On this day, in the Dragon God Hall of the Dragon God Realm, a wave of powerful laws rippled like water waves, spreading to the entire Dragon God Realm in an instant.

At this moment, countless creatures in the Dragon God Realm all looked in the direction of the Dragon God Palace.

I saw a phantom of a blue dragon slowly appearing in the void.

The phantom seems to be real, and it seems to be just the manifestation of ideas.

The phantom of the green dragon occupies the entire Three Immortals Island.

On the right side of the dragon claw, lightly holding an orb exuding the breath of chaos.

In the orb, one can vaguely see that the world is constantly evolving.

A living being watched carefully, and was really lucky enough to see the whole evolution of the world inside the orb, and suddenly found that the inside of the orb was the Sanxian Island where he was.

The vast dao rhyme comes and goes quickly.

Not long after, the phantom disappeared together with many visions.

But everyone in Dragon God Island still knelt in place, unable to recover for a long time.

Inside the Dragon Temple.

Lin Long was holding a gray orb in his hand, with a smile in his eyes.

"It's not in vain that I have been waiting here for refining all these years."

What he held in his hand was naturally the treasure of Chaos, the Chaos Orb!

At this time, the obvious crack on the Chaos Bead had disappeared, and it seemed to be a bead with a complete soul source.

Obviously, this is the result of Lin Long's years of hard work.

"From today onwards, the Chaos Orb is a Chaos-level treasure again."

Although the Chaos Orb could not be completely repaired into a complete Chaos Supreme Treasure, the Chaos Orb has been repaired to the level of a Chaos Spirit Treasure.

Although there is only one level difference between the chaos-level treasures and the innate treasures, their power is vastly different!

Today's Chaos Orb is definitely the number one treasure in the wild! Even Hongjun's good fortune jade plate is not as good as this one.

As for repairing the Chaos Orb to its peak state, Lin Long felt that his own realm was not enough, and the way to reshape and reverse the supernatural power was not perfect.

If you want to repair it to the peak level, you must at least break through to the level of Hunyuan Wuji Luo Jinxian before it is possible.

But even if it is a Chaos Spirit Treasure, Lin Long is very satisfied with its power.

A complete chaotic orb really contains a chaotic world.

Lin Long could feel the buds of the avenue growing quietly inside. Although it was very weak, if it took time, a new avenue might really be born.

The chaotic aura in it is inexhaustible, Lin Long can use the chaotic aura to temper himself, so that his roots can reach the level of the Chaos Demon God.

You know, even Hongjun, the original Chaos Demon God, has not been able to fully recover for so many years after experiencing the opening of the sky.

Now Lin Long is about to overtake him.

In addition, after the Chaos Orb was repaired, the seedlings of the World Tree also grew again.

It was just a sapling before, but now it has become a slightly immature sapling.

Branches and leaves have also grown back on it.

Each leaf contains a complete law.

Lin Long only needs a little comprehension to master it.

And these are just auxiliary functions of the Chaos Orb.

What really caught Lin Long's attention was the method used by the Chaos Orb to cover up the secrets of heaven.

With this thing, Hongjun's deduction ability can be said to be completely useless.

As long as he didn't want Hongjun to know about things, even if Hongjun blew up the jade butterfly, he wouldn't get any information.

This will definitely be a great help for me to fight against him in the future.


		