

Lin Long in the dark watched the battlefield where Luo Hu and Hong Jun were.

In the eyes, the golden Dao rhyme is constantly flowing.

Immortal Execution Sword, Immortal Trapping Sword, Immortal Absolute Sword, and Immortal Killing Sword, the four immortal swords hang in all directions, suppressing the universe with power!

And below, the Jade Immortal Formation turned into a phantom, covering hundreds of millions of miles in an instant.

The western border is almost completely covered in it!

In the formation, countless sword qi were swaying wantonly, and the thousand-zhang-high mountain peaks were turned into powder in an instant under the flying sword qi, dissipating invisible.

Lin Long, who hid in the dark and watched, was greatly shocked.

"The Zhuxian Sword Formation really deserves to be the number one killing formation in the prehistoric world!"

There are rumors in later generations that the Sword Formation of Zhu Xian cannot be broken without the Four Saints, but this is only half true.

The main reason lies in who mobilized this formation.

Although Luo Hu's combat prowess was impressive, Hong Jun was not a vegetarian either. He held the jade plate of good fortune in his palm, and the light was like a chain, constantly circling around him.

All the ferocious sword qi approaching Hongjun's side were all bounced off and cut off by this light chain!

The aftermath of the attack caused by the collision has continuously changed the landforms of the western land, with mountains and rivers hanging upside down and rivers subverting!

Of course, Lin Long would not choose to make a move at this time. In the final analysis, the battle between Dao and Demon is just a matter between Hongjun and Luohu.

Whether it's me, or the ancestors Yangmei, Qiankun, and Yinyang who were supposed to appear in the original plot, they are all outsiders!

"Those three guys, shouldn't they also hide in the dark and observe secretly like me?"

Lin Long quietly unfolded his consciousness, but did not detect any strange aura.

But this is also normal, Hongjun and Luohu are fighting, Lin Long does not dare to use his consciousness on a large scale, otherwise it will be bad for the two old six to notice.

"If I don't have the Four Swords of Jade Immortals and the diagram of Jade Immortals formation, I wonder if I can arrange the Jade Immortals sword formation."

When Lin Long looked at the Zhuxian Sword Formation, he suddenly remembered the Zhou Tian Xingdou Great Formation he had comprehended when he went to the Primordial Starry Sky.

That formation lacked the chaotic clock as the eye of the main formation, so its power was reduced a lot, but it could still be arranged after all.

What about the Immortal Execution Sword Formation?

【You watched the Zhuxian Sword Formation and comprehended the Zhuxian Formation】

After Lin Long looked at it for a while, a reminder appeared in his mind.

With his comprehension plus the blessing of the law of the formation and the pupil of the great way, Lin Long said that the formation is the second in the entire prehistoric world, and no one really dares to be the first.

"It's really done!"

Lin Long sneaked a glance at the two sides fighting like a thief, and then flicked his fingertips lightly, and a small Zhuxian Sword Formation appeared in his hand.

Although the sword formation is small, and there is no Zhuxian sword formation and Zhuxian formation diagram, its power is equal to 60% to 70% of that controlled by Luo Hu.

"This old boy Luo Hu's talent in formation is not very good."

Lin Long shook his head and curled his lips. The Jade Immortal Sword Formation in front of him looked tyrannical, but Luo Hu used brute force to forcibly arrange it. It didn't show the maximum power of the Jade Immortal Sword Formation at all!

"The Jade Immortal Sword Formation and the Jade Immortal Formation diagram, if I get any of them, I can exert a more powerful power than Luo Hu. If I get all the Jade Immortal Four Swords and the Jade Immortal Formation diagram, maybe I can't even kill these two little ones." If you can turn it head-on, you don't have to think about sneak attacking..."

Lin Long pondered for a moment, then turned his gaze to the battlefield again.

There is no rush to steal the Four Swords of Jade Dynasty and the diagram of Jade Dynasty.

Besides, now that Na Hongjun has seen the power of the Zhuxian Sword Formation, he is definitely unwilling to let this kind of treasure fall into the hands of others.

If you want to seize these treasures, you can only wait for the right time.

He is busy comprehending formations and studying sword formations, while the battle between Luo Hu and Hongjun has reached a fever pitch.

Whether it is the Sword Formation of Immortal Executioner or the Jade Plate of Creation, they are all powerful weapons, and for a while, neither of them can do anything to the other.

While manipulating the sword array, Luo Hu taunted Hongjun, "Hehe, Hongjun, you have no other means except to create a jade plate?"

"To each other, Luo Hu, you are also pointing at this sword array, wanting to defeat me? What a pity, you are destined to be disappointed today!"

While speaking, Hongjun's tone changed slightly.

The authorities were bewildered, and Luo Hu couldn't hear it for a while, but Lin Long, who was watching from the dark, was keenly aware of this.

"Someone!"

Lin Long frowned slightly, and at the same time, behind Luo Hu, the space was like a wave of water, and a willow branch came out crazily like a poisonous snake spit out a letter!

Unbiased, right in the middle of Rahu!

"How dare you plot against me!"

Luo Hu swung his gun angrily, but he stabbed in the air. The raised eyebrow patriarch, who had been prepared for a long time, crossed the space and stood beside Hongjun.

"Raise your eyebrows! If it's you, I should have killed you earlier!"

Luo Hu held a god-killing gun in his hand, stepped on the world-destroying black lotus, and stared at the ancestor Yangmei.

However, the ancestor Yang Mei sneered, and shouted: "Luo Hu, when you attacked my friend Qian Kun Yin Yang, did you ever think that today would happen?"

"good!"

Hongjun also nodded and snorted coldly: "You beheaded my friend, cut off my arm, today is the time for you to give the head!"

"Hmph, if I don't kill them, do I have to wait for them to join forces with you to deal with me?"

Luo Hu's face was gloomy, obviously, Yang Mei Patriarch's sneak attack hurt him: "It's a pity that Yang Mei and Lin Long couldn't be beheaded, otherwise, who in the prehistoric world can be my enemy!"

Only then did Lin Long in the dark understand why Qiankun Patriarch and Yin Yang Patriarch, who were supposed to appear beside Hongjun and broke the Zhuxian Sword Formation with him, didn't come.

Co-authored, it was myself, the traverser, who flapped his little wings, causing a chain reaction!

The reason is very simple, both Luo Hu and Hong Jun came to him to join forces, but they were rejected by him.

Because of this, the two thought of joining forces with the rest.

Needless to say, Patriarch Raising Eyebrows had a small friendship with Hongjun, and Patriarch Qiankun and Patriarch Yinyang were also said to be inseparable with Hongjun.

Luo Hui must have had a bad nose with the Yin-Yang Patriarch and Qiankun Patriarch, thus forcing Luo Hu to take the lead in sneak attacking and beheading the Yin-Yang Patriarch and Qiankun Patriarch first!

In this way, it was equivalent to breaking Hongjun's two arms!

"In the original plot, there is no plot of Luo Hu beheading the others first. It seems that after my appearance to save the three innate clans, these two guys realized that they should join forces."

Lin Long looked at Patriarch Yangmei who was standing with Hongjun, and thought to himself that this battle might be coming to an end.

It's not that Luo Hu didn't want to attack him, it's just that Luo Hu felt that he couldn't defeat him when he was in the West, so he simply sold his favor to let him search in the West.

Of course, what Luo Hu didn't expect was that he was so generous that he stole part of the Western Spirit Vein!

As for Yangmei, Lin Long couldn't deduce whether he was also attacked by Luo Hu, because the ancestor of Yangmei was good at the law of space, even if Luo Hu made a surprise attack, he could use the law of space to keep himself safe.

However, judging from the current situation, I am afraid that Luo Hu has already secretly attacked Yangmei, otherwise Yangmei would not have stood with Hongjun without waiting for him to show up.

After all, Yang Mei once thought of joining forces with him!

During this period of time, Luo Hu had sneak attacked the ancestors of Yinyang, Qiankun, and Yangmei, so he probably didn't have much time to study the Zhuxian sword formation.

This also led to the imperfect control of the Zhuxian Sword Formation, so the power was greatly reduced, and Hongjun could fight to a tie with it alone!

"Gains and losses are really just a thought."

Lin Long shook his head and sighed, if Luo Hu hadn't sneaked up on the three masters, he would have had enough time to study the Zhuxian Sword Formation.

Instead of studying the sword formation, he went to fight with others, which greatly reduced the power of the sword formation and could not pose a threat to Hongjun.

At present, it seems that the gains and losses are really hard to say.

Hongjun alone was able to fight Luo Hu to a draw, and now that the ancestor Yangmei joined the battlefield, for Luo Hu, the pressure was not as simple as one plus one.

Relying on the Zhuxian Sword Formation, this battle has lasted for a hundred years, and Luo Hu has gradually fallen into a disadvantage!

For a hundred years, the Zhuxian Sword Formation enveloped the entire West. Under the ravages of the three great masters, Hongjun, Luohu, and Yangmei Patriarch, the Western world, which was considered a paradise, became completely barren, with yellow sand everywhere, dust and smoke everywhere, and aura thin , the spirit flower spirit grass is gone!

"Fortunately, I have the foresight, otherwise those spiritual roots and spiritual grasses will all be destroyed at this time!"

During these hundred years, Lin Long didn't go anywhere, and stayed in the dark, waiting for the opportunity.

And Luo Hu was miserable at the moment, holding the god-killing gun in his hand, the light of the Mieshi Heilian was dim, and his body was covered with scars.

"Hahahaha, good, good! Raise your eyebrows, you are also the Chaos Demon God, and you will join forces with Hongjun. Do you think Hongjun is trustworthy?"

Luo Hu looked up to the sky and laughed wildly, and said, "Once this seat is defeated, Hongjun will be the first to attack you, do you believe it or not?"

"Hmph, Luo Hu, don't try to sow discord here!"

There was a flash of light in Hongjun's eyes, and he waved the dust fly: "Today is your death day, demons should not exist in the prehistoric world!"

The voice fell, and between the heaven and the earth, the law of infinity converged towards Luohu, and Luohu, who was in it, felt as if he was fighting against one side of the world!

"Hahaha, Hongjun, it seems that you are indeed one step ahead of me, and you can already control some rules of the world, but..."

Amidst Luo Hu's miserable laughter, the way he looked at Hongjun also changed slightly: "However, if you want to kill me without any cost, you are dreaming!"

"Even if you die, I won't let you succeed so easily!"

"Execution Immortal Sword Formation! Fall!"

With a loud shout, the Zhuxian Sword Formation suspended in the sky and earth smashed down towards the western land below with the might of destroying heaven and earth.

"not good!"

Raising his eyebrows, his eyes widened suddenly, and he exclaimed, "Luo Hu, you're crazy!"

Even though Luohu couldn't fully control the Zhuxian Sword Formation, its power was not trivial.

This blow is enough to destroy the entire West!

"Hahahaha, this seat is not crazy! Hongjun, you and I fought and ruined the entire West, let's see how you can repay the karma!"

Luo Hu laughed wildly: "If you don't pay back the karma, how can you integrate the Dao of Heaven?"

"My demon ancestor Luohu swears here, that in the prehistoric world, the demons will eliminate the Taoists, and the Tao will eliminate the demons!"

As Luohu's voice fell, the sky and the earth suddenly roared, and above the dome, a huge golden eye that seemed to be real appeared!

There was no emotion in those eyes, they were ruthless, and extremely powerful!

Immediately, those eyes stared at Luo Hu for a moment, and then slowly dissipated.

And Luo Hu's figure gradually disappeared under the gaze of these eyes.

"Hahahaha, Hongjun, the matter between you and me is not over. From now on, I will continue to entangle with you in Honghuang! With the establishment of the devil, you will never be the only one in Honghuang!"

"Sooner or later, this seat will make a comeback. At that time, let's do it again!"

Luo Hu's voice became smaller and smaller, and in the end, it seemed to be coming from all directions, and his body disappeared completely as the voice fell!

Without Luo Hu's control, the Zhuxian sword formation lost control in an instant, and fell directly on the western land without any accidents!

The wrecked western land, which was already destroyed, was hit hard again!

The ground cracked, mountains and rivers collapsed, and endless magma spewed out from the ground. In an instant, boundless karma fell on Hongjun's head.

And Lin Long was dumbfounded at the moment.

"My mother, the sun, Luo Hu didn't blow up the Western Spirit Vein this time, but directly blew up the whole West?"


		