

Hearing Hongjun's small calculation, Lin Long couldn't help rolling his eyes.

This old six said it nicely, but in the original trajectory of the wilderness, this fellow directly ordered Yuan Shi to cut off the four legs of the black turtle, and he didn't even give a decent explanation!

As a saint-level powerhouse, he would never forget to ignore this statement.

The scheming Hongjun can plan the whole prehistoric world, how could he forget to neglect the placement of the black turtle?

In the end, he didn't place the black tortoise in the end, but he was worried that the continued existence of the black tortoise would divide up the merits of heaven.

However, there are also rumors in later generations, saying that after the catastrophe of Xuangui, the true spirit was reincarnated and became the human emperor Xuanyuan.

Of course, this statement is not true.

Moreover, even if this statement is true, then Xuanyuan has become a human race and no longer a black turtle, and his share of the original merit has long been lost.

With Hongjun's old sixth personality, if he said that he would return the merits to Xuan Gui, Lin Long would not believe it if he killed Hongjun!

However, Lin Long didn't bother to explain to the mysterious turtle.

Giving him a chance is just a matter of convenience. If this mysterious turtle is willing, Lin Long will naturally not compete with him for merit.

But if he couldn't believe him and turned to Hongjun, he wouldn't say anything, just let him go, anyway, Lin Long's purpose was to support the four poles of the world, and he didn't care who cut off the limbs of Xuan Gui.

The reason why Houtu smashed Buzhou Mountain was because the prehistoric world was connected, and the turbid air of heaven and earth had not been completely separated, so the six realms could not be completely born.

It is Lin Long's goal to let Houtu transform into the six realms, lead out the tunnel and make Houtu a real saint!

However, Lin Long didn't speak, but others did.

"You black tortoise is so ignorant. The Dragon God promised you a chance, but you are still so hesitant. If you agree today, I hereby promise you that I will leave you a high position in the human race, and you will have the day of enlightenment in the future!"

It was Nuwa who spoke.

The moment Nuwa created the human race, she already felt the destiny of the human race.

Three emperors and five emperors, each has great merit and luck!

These are not things that Hongjun can arrange.

Because the human race is the protagonist of the world in the future, the Three Emperors and Five Emperors are both catastrophic luck and good fortune, which cannot be avoided no matter what.

However, the positions of the Three Emperors and Five Emperors are extremely important in the human race, so Nuwa naturally had to carefully select them.

After all, the human race has already connected their own, the human saint, and the human saint, brother Lin, together, so Nuwa is naturally very concerned.

Seeing that Xuan Gui will have the opportunity to be accepted as a disciple by Brother Lin at this moment, then it is natural to become a high-level member of the human race with this status.

However, this mysterious turtle is still hesitating!

"Nuwa!"

Xuangui didn't speak, but Hongjun let out angrily.

He had already accepted Nu Wa as his disciple, but now this disciple openly sided with Lin Long!

You just want to stand on the platform, can't you do it quietly?

However, Nuwa curled her lips indifferently, completely ignoring Hongjun's meaning.

Facing Hongjun's statement and Lin Long's and Nuwa's promises over there, Xuan Gui finally looked at Lin Long after constant weighing.

"The disciple is willing to listen to the master's arrangement!"

His words can be regarded as a serious apprenticeship.

"Humph!"

Hongjun snorted coldly, and left with a flick of his sleeves, not even bothering to say a word this time.

He and Lin Long have already been in the same situation, there is no point in saying anything more, this time they can only admit defeat again!

Lin Long didn't stop Hongjun from leaving, but turned his head to look at Xuan Gui. At this moment, Xuan Gui's head as big as a mountain was full of expectations.

"Heaven and earth are close together, you support the sky by yourself, the way of heaven will also bestow merits and virtues for you, keep your primordial spirit, and as a teacher, you will plan opportunities for you!"

Lin Long said, the Xuangui hesitated for a moment, gritted his teeth, nodded cruelly.

"The way of heaven is above, I, the mysterious turtle of the North Sea, voluntarily support the world with four legs, and hope the way of heaven will prove it!"

The sound fell, and the sky and the earth suddenly roared!

Immediately, a strong will descended brazenly and shrouded Xuangui's body, and then he saw Xuangui's primordial spirit leave his body.

Seeing this, Lin Long didn't hesitate, and with a wave of his hand, cut off the huge limbs of the black turtle, refining them into four heavenly pillars with the merits of heaven and earth!

Immediately with a wave of his hand, the four heavenly pillars flew to the four poles of the sky and the earth, supporting the sky and the earth.

With the support of the four heavenly pillars, the trend of heaven and earth closing slowly stopped.

Afterwards, Lin Long took Xuangui's Yuanshen to his side, and turned to look at Nuwa: "To mend the sky, you need to use five-color divine stones and refine it with the Qiankun cauldron. I will leave this matter to you."

Nuwa nodded, without saying much, and swept across the prehistoric world with a single thought of the power of a saint.

In the next moment, a large number of five-color divine stones were collected.

"The Qiankun Cauldron, go!"

With the snap of Lin Long's fingers, a small cauldron the size of a palm appeared, and then it grew in the wind, and below it, Lin Long's perfect way of fire turned into a divine fire of heaven and earth, burning blazingly in the cauldron of heaven and earth.

Without any hesitation, Nuwa threw all the five-color divine stones into the cauldron with great precision. Under the burning of the heaven and earth divine fire, they quickly turned into a pool of liquid emitting five-color rays of light.

Immediately, Nuwa lifted it up with her magic power and flew to the sky!

The five-color divine stone continued to expand in mid-air, and soon, the huge hole was completely sealed by the five-color divine stone, and finally became exactly the same as the previous sky.

Beyond the prehistoric world, Gang Feng was isolated.

In the prehistoric world, all kinds of turmoil gradually disappeared.

"There is an extra divine stone."

Nuwa looked at the remaining sacred stone in the cauldron.

The creatures that were originally in a panic on the prehistoric land became quiet at this moment.

"I'm waiting to thank Saint Nuwa!"

"I'm waiting to thank Master Xuangui!"

Walking through the great calamity of life and death, all living beings in the prehistoric and desolate are afraid for a while in retrospect.

Rumble——

However, at this moment, there was another roar between heaven and earth!

"what happened?"

All living beings in the prehistoric world were taken aback, and they thought that the quality of the Nuwa Empress's patching of the sky was not good, and the sky collapsed again, right?

However, what worried them did not happen, and what they envied happened.

Above the sky, with the sound of rumbling thunder, boundless golden clouds of merit and virtue gathered in the direction of Buzhou Mountain!

This merit fully covered the sky a million miles away!

On Kunlun Mountain, Sanqing, who was thinking of rushing to Buzhou Mountain to learn the way of saints, was dumbfounded when he saw this golden cloud of merit.

These merits and virtues are not much worse than the heaven-opening merits and virtues on them!

Supporting the sky, mending the sky, there is such a great merit to be gained!

Moreover, this is not a one-time event. In the future, as long as there are living beings in the prehistoric world, the merits and virtues will continue to flow!

Yuanshi Tianzun's eyes flashed envious envy, and at the same time, at the same time when he saw the black turtle supporting the world on all fours, he also vaguely felt that he seemed to have lost some important opportunities.

But no one will take his thoughts into account at the moment.

Soon, the massive amount of merit fell downward.

The merit is divided into four parts.

The five successes and virtues formed their own parts and headed towards Xuangui's Yuanshen.

The other 30% fell into Nuwa's body.

Of the last remaining 20%, 10% flew into the remaining piece of Heaven-Mending Divine Stone, and the last 10% merged into the Qiankun Cauldron.

Looking at Xuan Gui who was inhaling merit and wanting to re-condense his physical body, Lin Long reminded him: "Don't waste your merit in this kind of place, protect your own merits to protect the primordial spirit, the matter of the physical body, the teacher will plan for you!"

"Yes, Master."

That Xuan Gui was also obedient, hearing Lin Long say that he would not allow himself to use merit to refine his body, and he would obediently stay by Lin Long's side, just storing his merit in his primordial spirit.

In the dark, Hongjun seemed to leave, but quietly returned, waiting for the follow-up.

"Hmph, Lin Long, do you think merits are so easy to get?"

"Creating such a big karma that broke Buzhou Mountain and caused the flood to collapse, you have to receive as much karma as the merits and virtues Xuangui and Nuwa have gained."

"Even if you are now in the realm of Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian, you still can't bear the huge karma!"

"Today you made the dead move yourself, no wonder I."

Hongjun sneered secretly, quietly paying attention and waiting for the divine punishment that belongs to Lin Long alone!

However, as time passed bit by bit, Hongjun's expression gradually became weird and tense.

"What's going on? Why hasn't God's punishment come yet?"

Hongjun frowned slightly, and kept thinking in his heart.

This is so wrong!

I just wanted to punish the witch clan on impulse before, but I was forced to run outside the chaos to heal my injuries by the backlash of heaven.

Now that Lin Long smashed Buzhou Mountain and pierced the sky, there is nothing wrong with it?

God, are you sure you're not targeting me, Hongjun?

Of course, Hongjun didn't know that the reason why Lin Long let Houtu crash into Buzhou Mountain was actually because he had a tacit understanding with the Dao of Heaven.

Otherwise, would Lin Long go to help Tiandao when he was full?

If Houtu wants to transform into the six realms, he must cut off the Buzhou Mountain that connects the heaven and the earth.

Otherwise, if the heaven and the earth are muddy and indistinguishable, how can we determine the authenticity of the underworld?

This incident was acquiesced by Tiandao from the beginning to the end. How could Tiandao punish Lin Long for such a matter.

After an indeterminate amount of time, the divine punishment never came, and Hongjun finally admitted one thing unwillingly in his heart.

This fucking way of heaven is targeting himself! ! !


		