

Hearing Dong Wang's open questioning, all the creatures present looked at each other in blank dismay, one of them stood up and said cautiously: "My lord, we have sent many people there, but we haven't found any trace of Yaoguang Wonderland yet... ..."

"waste!"

Dong Wanggong cursed, quite annoyed.

The Queen Mother of the West's Yaoguang Wonderland is well hidden. Even though many powerful people know that the Yaoguang Wonderland is in the West Sea, no one has been able to discover it for so many years.

This made the East Prince's plan to find the Queen Mother of the West and bring her under his command to be delayed.

"Where is the Dragon God Realm? Any news?"

The Eastern Prince asked again.

The creature carefully shook his head: "Your Majesty, the Dragon God Realm is well hidden, and no one has ever found its trace..."

"Trash! It's all trash!"

Dong Wanggong's face was gloomy, and he cursed loudly.

Because the two clans of Lich were not disturbed in the prehistoric world, and they rarely even showed up. They could not be found in the Yaoguang Wonderland in the West Sea, let alone the Dragon God Realm.

If the Eastern Prince wanted to establish his prestige in the prehistoric times, he had to pick a target.

However, the Witch Clan, Monster Clan, Yaoguang Wonderland, Dragon God Realm...

All these prehistoric forces seem to have disappeared.

This made the Dong Wanggong, who had always been ambitious, completely unacceptable.

Obviously before I became the head of the male immortals, those forces became more famous than the other!

Why are you all gone now that my Xianmeng has been established?

It was as if I was playing a large-scale online game, and before I recharged my krypton gold, those big bosses jumped one by one, and exploded good things in the world window every day.

As a result, when I recharged my krypton gold, I went bankrupt and ran out of money, and I was about to kill the Quartet. Suddenly, all the players in the server except myself quit the game!

Who do you pay for?

What about playing house?

Because he became the overlord of the wild without any hindrance, this made Dong Wanggong very unhappy.

I feel that I have nowhere to use the strength I have held back, not to mention how depressed I am.

"Hmph, since you all disappeared and dare not touch my edge, then I will take the opportunity to take all the creatures of the prehistoric world under my command, and see if you are in a hurry!"

As soon as this idea popped up, it swelled up in Duke Dong's mind out of control.

On the throne, the East Prince's eyes were cold: "My East Prince, ordered by the Taoist ancestor, is the head of all immortals, so he has to bear the responsibility of governing the Great Desolation!"

"However, even though Honghuang is under the control of our Immortal Alliance, there are still many places that still do not respect etiquette! I am heartbroken!"

"Starting today, I order that the Xianmeng will expand outward with the East China Sea as its core!"

"Whenever you encounter a fairy, you must be drawn into the fairy alliance. If you don't obey the discipline, I will punish myself!"

Dong Wanggong's words were easy and easy, but all the creatures present were scared to death.

Damn my mother, you are really not just trying to die.

Anyone can tell that Duke Dong's ambitions have swelled to the extreme at this moment.

What else did you say about the ancestor of Taoism, and you were named the head of all immortals.

How do we not know?

Wasn't Daozu the head of the male immortal at that time? Why are you still upgrading yourself?

Regardless of this for the time being, although the Immortal League is currently powerful, and there are no monsters and witches to hinder its development, Honghuang still has so many powerful people after all.

Before you regained the small clan, no one would stop you, you have the backing of Daozu.

Listening to what it means now, it means that this group of powerful people should also be brought under your command and serve as your subordinates.

Which one of those powerful people will serve you as the Eastern Prince? You don't have any points in your heart?

But this order has already been issued, and all the monks present have surrendered to Duke Dong, and they have no right to refuse at all.

Dong Wanggong has been dazzled by his own ambition, and can't listen to anyone's words.

All living beings are left with the only option of following this path.

Soon, Honghuang became lively again.

Although Dong Wanggong's idea is absurd, it has to be said that without the obstruction of the monster clan, witch clan and Yaoguang fairyland, the Xianmeng really has no disadvantages.

Nearly a thousand small clans were regained in one fell swoop, and the power of the Xianmeng expanded further.

But at the same time, it also caused a great uproar.


Sea of ​​blood, Patriarch Styx is practicing in the dojo.

After a while, Patriarch Styx let out a sigh of relief.

"The practice method of the Dragon God Realm and the practice method passed down by Taoist Hongjun have their own mysteries. If you practice the method of the Dragon God Realm, you can still hope to set foot on the Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian, or even the Hunyuan Wuji Luo Jinxian in the future."

"Taoist Hongjun's practice method has not been fully taught, but he always feels that he will split his soul. If the monk is not perfect, what will happen in the future?"

"However, his cultivation speed of this method is extremely fast."

From ancient times to the present, there is a very unified standard on the path of all living beings' practice, that is, the pursuit of perfection.

But Hongjun's method of practice seems to be doing the opposite.

One is pursuing the Dao, and the other is pursuing the speed of practice, and Styx fell into entanglement for a while.

"If you can fully know what the method passed down by Hongjun Daozu is, there can be a comparison, that's all, let's wait for a while, anyway, it will be less than a thousand years before he can preach again."

Ever since relying on the relationship of Daoist Mosquito to get on the line of Dragon God Realm, Styx has been in a very comfortable mood recently.

Not only have the cultivation methods of the Dragon God Realm, but also the inheritance of the Taoist ancestors.

It can be said to have both sides.

I just don’t know why Taoist Mosquito said to let oneself pay attention to creating races, why there is no movement for so long?

"Hmph, even though I agreed to the conditions at the beginning, but today, it's not the same as before."

"Dragon God? Hehe, if you want me to be your pawn, then you have to renegotiate the conditions."

Styx sneered endlessly. He has never been a person who abides by the rules. Even if he is bound by the Dao vow, he can still take advantage of loopholes.

When he made the oath at the beginning, he kept his eyes open.

Taoist Mosquito said that there are many good things in Dragon God Realm.

Instead of waiting for others to give it to you, it is better to plan it yourself.

Ever since he had seen the majesty of Hongjun Daozu's sage in Zixiao Palace, if Minghe said that he didn't yearn for enlightenment, it would be absolutely false.

However, when Styx was imagining constantly, a shout suddenly sounded outside the dojo.

"Minghe, we are the envoys of the Immortal Alliance. Today, I am specially ordered by the Immortal Venerable to join the Immortal Alliance. Anyone who disobeys the order will be killed on the spot!"

Minghe shuddered, hurriedly dodged and left the ashram.

I saw thousands of immortal monks surrounded outside the dojo.

Among them, the realm of Daluo and the realm of Taiyi Jinxian are not rare.

Even Styx sensed that behind the crowd there was a Da Luo Jinxian monk who was in the perfect realm sitting there.

"Minghe, quickly join the Immortal Alliance! The order of the Immortal Venerable cannot be disobeyed!"

Seeing Styx appearing, the person who shouted earlier spoke up again.

Styx only felt that his brain was down at the moment.

WTF?

I was fine at home, why did I get knocked at the door?

And who is that fairy?

Since he heard the sermon in Zixiao Palace, he has been retreating all the time, but he doesn't know the turmoil in the prehistoric world, and he naturally doesn't know the name of the Immortal Alliance.

"What kind of power is it, you don't know that this place is my sea of ​​blood, but you dare to rush in?"

Styx asked with a gloomy face.

"Hmph! Patriarch Minghe, I am looking for you. We are under the command of the Eastern Prince Xianzun. The Xianzun is ordered by the Taoist ancestor to rule over all immortals. You should be among them. I would like to ask you if you want to join the Xianmeng! "

After the team leader Da Neng finished speaking, he looked down at Styx from a high position, waiting for the answer.

And at this time, Styx only felt that there were ten thousand muddy horses galloping past in his heart!

East Prince? The head of all immortals? Take care of yourself?

Did you really take a fucking chicken feather as an arrow?

What kind of thing is your Immortal Alliance? Even the Wu Clan and Monster Clan back then did not dare to come to the sea of ​​​​blood and say that they should take care of themselves.

Which onion is your East Prince?

Styx smiled angrily.

"Okay, okay, ancestor today, I want to see what skills you have to dare to control me!"

In an instant, the two long swords of Yuan Tu and Ah Bi fell into the hands of Ming He.

The war is imminent.


		