

The giant dragon, which is as high as ten thousand feet, is still growing, coupled with several tyrannical laws, finally moved Sanqing completely.

"The law of space! The law of good fortune! The law of devouring! The law of heaven and earth! The five-color divine light, I am afraid that he has mastered the law of five elements! When did such a perverted guy come out of the dragon clan!"

If it is said that before, Lao Tzu just thought Lin Long was a little troublesome, but now, he has already become afraid of Lin Long.

This guy's threat is not weaker than the threat of Zulong's third son, Ao Hai, even much stronger!

Looking at his realm, although he has only just entered the late stage of Da Luo Jinxian, he can control several top laws in his hands, he is simply a freak!

If you fight alone, I'm afraid you won't be the opponent of this five-clawed green dragon!

Of course, if he fought with the two brothers, there might still be hope, but how could Ao Hai watch Sanqing besieging the green dragon together?

"Second brother, third brother, this matter, let it go..."

After some weighing, I finally chose to compromise.

However, Yuanshi Tianzun was still not angry: "Brother, what did we do wrong? They want to fight, so I will fight..."

"Shut up! I said it, let this matter go! If we really fight, my spiritual veins in Kunlun Mountain will be shattered! Do you want to see this result?"

Lao Tzu shouted.

Normally, Lao Tzu rarely gets angry, but when he is really angry, Yuan Shi and Tong Tian dare not disobey him.

Besides, Yuanshi Tianzun was the one who provoked this matter. Now that Lao Tzu is angry, he naturally dare not say anything more.

On the contrary, Tongtian was very open-minded and unrestrained. After hearing Lao Tzu say to let go of this matter, he immediately put away Qingping Sword and stood beside Lao Tzu.

"Since there is no need to fight, let's talk about compensation."

Now that he has decided to let it go, Lao Tzu is also very upright, knowing that this time there will be no good without some blood, so he immediately spoke without waiting for Lin Long to speak.

Lin Long ignored Lao Tzu, because Ao Hai would discuss this kind of matter with San Qing.

Besides, as I said just now, the first thing to do is to reshape the body of the Demon Whale King!

As for the rest of the compensation, Sanqing is a smart person, and Ao Hai will not let the lion's chance to open his mouth.

Sure enough, Lin Long didn't need to say more, after Sanqing discussed with Ao Hai, under Ao Hai's pressing step by step, Sanqing had no choice but to hand over a lot of spiritual fruits and elixir for improving and refining the physical body.

As for the crowd of onlookers, seeing that there was no excitement to watch, all of them also retreated with a smile.

Laughing, of course, this time Sanqing's face can be regarded as a big embarrassment!

Of course, a tyrannical five-clawed golden dragon appeared on the Kunlun Mountains, and this matter was also thoroughly spread in the wild.

"There is such a tyrannical guy from the Dragon Clan again. Now the Phoenix Clan and the Qilin Clan are going to panic."

"Just now that Qinglong has mastered several laws. If he really grows up in the future, I am afraid that even Zulong may not be his opponent."

"That's right, the laws mastered by that green dragon are indeed overbearing. Speaking of which, the Dragon Clan really hides it deep enough. Such a genius didn't reveal any information before."

All of a sudden, there were rumors about Lin Long all over Honghuang.

At this moment, Lin Long is naturally ignorant of these things, and now he still maintains the Qinglong body, and has not turned into a human form.

The main reason is that if he turns into his original form, things will go wrong, and Yuan Shi will definitely recognize himself.

Fortunately, everything went smoothly. After Sanqing endured the pain and took out a lot of nourishing spiritual fruits and elixir as compensation, Lin Long unceremoniously took the big head and left with the dragon clan .

Ao Hai has been following Lin Long's side until he walked out of the Kunlun Mountains, and then he couldn't help but speak.

"I don't know what to call this clansman? Seeing that you have the blood of the Azure Dragon, could it be that heir?"

Hearing this, Lin Long shook his head and said, "I am not the heir of Senior Qinglong. I usually like to live in seclusion. Few of my fellow clan know me. It is a coincidence that I can meet you today. If nothing else, I That's why I'm going to leave."

Lin Long didn't reveal his name, mainly because he didn't want to have too much relationship with the Dragon Clan.

You know, he has always wanted to cut off the karma with the Dragon Clan, so how can he reveal his name now?

As for the cause and effect of this entanglement, Lin Long was not afraid.

Because in the final analysis, although he got an advantage in this matter, he still helped Ao Hai solve the trouble in the final analysis. In terms of cause and effect, it should be that Ao Hai owed himself the cause and effect.

When Ao Hai heard what Lin Long said, he couldn't help being very disappointed.

Although there are some members of the Dragon Clan who wander outside and don't care about the affairs of the Dragon Clan, those are basically with low potential.

But now that Lin Long is a five-clawed green dragon, his potential is already comparable to that of the ancestor dragon, and the strength he has shown is also top-notch among the dragon clan.

It would be a pity if he still does not return to the Dragon Clan.

Ao Hai still wanted to speak a few more words of persuasion, but before he could say anything, Lin Long noticed his expression, and immediately spoke first: "Okay, don't need to say too much, I'm used to idleness, I can't be restrained, force It's not pretty."

Hearing the resolute meaning in Lin Long's words, Ao Hai also sighed and said: "Okay, since that's the case, I won't force you any more. If you have anything to do in the future, you might as well come to Donghai to find me!"

Having said that, Ao Hai thought for a moment, and then took out all the spiritual fruit pills that he had divided up from Sanqing.

"Although you have taken the spiritual fruit pill just now, if it weren't for you this time, our clan would not know how fierce the battle would be. You can accept these as well, and it is right to be the reward for your action this time."

The Dragon Clan is rich and powerful, and the spiritual fruit pill that Sanqing compensated was honestly not taken seriously by Ao Hai.

What Ao Hai wants is mainly to save face!

If Sanqing refuses to admit his cowardice today, no matter how much the fight continues, the final result will be heavy casualties for the Shui people. As for Sanqing, at most they will run away.

Ao Hai had fought against Yuanshi Tianzun, so he naturally knew that it might be possible to defeat the opponent with the method of Sanqing, but it would be extremely difficult to force the opponent to stay.

Now that Sanqing is apologizing, all the face in the Dragon Clan will be saved.

All of this was broken by the appearance of Lin Long.

Of course, as for the Demon Whale King who lost his body, since he was serving the Dragon Clan, the Dragon Clan would naturally compensate him.

Lin Long didn't take it, and immediately waved away all the spiritual fruit pills that Ao Hai took out.

"Today's matter can be regarded as the end, we will see you again and leave."

Immediately, Lin Long nodded, the dragon body swayed, and disappeared into the sky in the blink of an eye.

Seeing Lin Long's disappearing figure, Ao Hai shook his head regretfully.

"Father, this Dragon Clan senior, did you just let him go?"

Na Ao Yi followed Ao Hai and asked.

After all, this is a top fighting power of the Dragon Clan. If it is lost, it will not be a big loss to the Dragon Clan as a whole.

Ao Hai shook his head, and said: "This person's identity and strength cannot be treated by ordinary dragons. I will report this matter to Zulong and let him decide."

Hearing this, Ao Yi nodded, but as if he had thought of something, he said, "By the way, father, I saw the real body of this senior just now. For some reason, I felt a familiar feeling."

"What? Could it be that you have seen this senior?"

Ao Hai frowned slightly, but after thinking for a while, Ao Yi shook his head: "No, if I have seen the real body of this senior, it is impossible not to remember."

Of course, it's not that he has never seen Lin Long's real body, but Lin Long was a four-clawed golden dragon back then, but now he has transformed into a five-clawed green dragon, so he naturally couldn't recognize him.

"Forget it, let me deduce it and see if I can deduce his identity."

Ao Hai thought about it and made his next decision.

However, the next moment, Ao Hai turned pale with shock: "What! How is this possible?"

"Father, what's the matter? But what's wrong?"

Hearing Ao Yi's question, Ao Hai was stunned: "I can't guess the cause and effect of that green dragon just now!"

"how can that be?"

Ao Yi was a little puzzled: "Father, you are the cultivation base of Daluo Jinxian in the late stage. Unless your cultivation base is stronger than your father's level, it is absolutely impossible not to guess."

"Not necessarily. If he cultivates the law of karma to the extreme, he can naturally erase this karma."

Ao Hai sighed, and said: "It seems that this one is far deeper than I thought."

"Father, this matter is no longer up to us to decide. Report it to Lord Zulong. Maybe this senior can become a trump card for our clan in the future."

After hearing Ao Yi's words, Ao Hai nodded, and immediately stopped talking, and rushed back to the East China Sea with a group of aquariums.


After Lin Long, Ao Hai and other Shui Clan left, Yuan Shi looked at the ruined Yuxu Palace and felt like crying.

"The Dragon Clan is really hateful. Hmph, if it wasn't for bullying the few with the more, how could our Sanqing allow the Dragon Clan to be so presumptuous!"

"And that green dragon, it's not a good thing! It's so undead that it appeared under the Yuxu Palace..."

Halfway through the speech, Yuanshi Tianzun suddenly froze.

No, just now I was only concerned about dealing with the dragon clan, but I ignored why the green dragon appeared under the Yuxu Palace!

If it's a coincidence, even the second brother knows it's impossible!

"not good!"

Yuan Shi thought of a bad possibility, and immediately searched for the breath left here.

After a while, Yuan Shi's expression gradually became ferocious and distorted.

"It's him! It's that bastard from Sanxian Island! He's actually a dragon! He even took so many spiritual fruit pills from me and slipped away!"


		