

"Brother, we really missed a huge opportunity this time!"

Tai Yi smiled bitterly and said: "Just now I used the Chaos Orb to fight against that person, and he also used the law of space! But I can feel that his space law is different from mine. I used the Chaos Orb, but he participated in it himself. Enlightenment!"

"The important thing is that the law of space he has comprehended has long been perfected, and has even reached a perfect state. It's just because I have a shallow understanding of the law of space, and I can't see how far his comprehension of space has reached!"

A layer of cold sweat broke out on Di Jun's back when he heard the words.

His younger brother owns the Chaos Clock, so he has naturally fought with Tai Yi, and of course he is very clear about how terrifying the laws of space in the Chaos Clock are.

But now, Tai Yi actually said that with the power of the Chaos Clock's space law, he didn't even know the opponent's depth, what does this mean?

It means that the opponent can completely crush the Chaos Clock with the power of the law of space alone!

"Not only that, I wasn't sure about it before, but I didn't realize it until I fought against him. This person has amazing luck! Just now if you and I really eavesdropped on his sermon, even if he didn't get angry, this kind of eavesdropping The cause and effect will also cause you and me to backlash!"

Tai Yi continued to speak, and Di Jun's face turned blue and uncertain: "So, he shot you and me away, and you and I were saved by him?"

"good."

Too little nod.

This made Di Jun even more uncomfortable.

The great opportunity was missed, and he was chased away after trying to rub it. After being driven away, he had to thank others for saving his life!

What is this called?

Di Jun clenched his fists tightly, sighed, and said, "Tai Yi, you are right, you and my brother have indeed missed a great opportunity! That creature named Lin Long is definitely not simple, he can easily Unlocking the restriction of the ancient starry sky, and mastering the laws of space, I am afraid that you and I will not be able to achieve such supernatural powers. Before he came to the sun star, if you and I came forward, I am afraid that the one who understands the Tao rhyme now is you Me!"

Instead of catching the pie that fell from the sky, he deliberately threw it on the ground and stepped on it. For a moment, Di Jun even doubted himself.

After all, it was his own decision to reject Lin Long and shrink back as if he didn't hear Lin Long.

If you invite the other party in, with the other party's attainments in the laws of space, you can just mention a word or two to Tai Yi, which is enough to benefit Tai Yi for a lifetime!

It's me, I'm delaying Taiyi!

"Forget it, brother, I can't blame you for this matter."

After all, it is a brother, Taiyi saw Dijun's self-blame, sighed at the moment, and said in relief: "After all, the strength displayed by that senior is too dangerous, anyone should be on guard, and you and I also have to be careful about this matter." It’s not nothing, at least I know that there is such a great power in the prehistoric world, so I can’t be offended.”

Di Jun muffled his head and hummed, this is the only way he can comfort himself right now.

"Cultivate with peace of mind, second brother, Honghuang looks like it's not as simple as we thought!"


Time flies by, and it has been a hundred years in a blink of an eye.

During the past hundred years, the lunar star has been in a hidden formation.

Although many creatures know the position of the Lunar Star, no matter how they use their methods, they still can't find the slightest clue.

Slowly, most of the creatures had no choice but to give up searching.

And on this day, Xihe and Changxi, Sanxiao and Zhao Gongming finally opened their eyes slowly in Taiyin Star.

As soon as he opened his eyes, he saw Lin Long sitting on the side, looking at everyone with a faint smile.

Xi He was the first to react. Knowing that he had got a great opportunity, he quickly pulled his younger sister Chang Xi to salute Lin Long: "Thank you for preaching, senior. It was my sister who was rude before."

After seeing Lin Long's methods, Lin Long's seniority in their mouths also changed from a fellow daoist to a senior.

"Hehe, it doesn't have to be like that, it's more pleasant to hear you call me fellow daoist."

Lin Long smiled and said: "I have something to say first, this time I am not preaching, but discussing the Tao, I cannot bear this great gift."

Immediately, Lin Long stepped forward and helped the second daughter up. His slender hands were slightly cold, but it made Xi and the second daughter's pretty faces blush slightly.

And Lin Long also noticed something was wrong, coughed lightly, and said: "We should still be friends as friends."

Seeing this situation, Xi and the two daughters could only follow Lin Long's wishes: "Then my two sisters will be called Daoyou friends."

In fact, it wasn't that Xi He and the sisters were exaggerating in their reaction, it was because the two daughters made them understand that Lin Long's cultivation level was far higher than their own through the sermon.

And they were very convinced that Lin Long did not have any malicious intentions when he came here.

Otherwise, with his cultivation base, if there is malice, they will not be able to stop him!

"Master, this disciple has broken through to the Golden Immortal! Thank you, Master, for teaching me!"

Zhao Gongming and Sanxiao on the side were at a slightly lower level, and they only turned around at this moment.

And seeing the junior wake up, Xi and the second daughter couldn't say anything more.

"Okay, it's just a breakthrough in the realm, what's the point of being so frizzy?"

Hearing Lin Long's scolding words, Bi Xiao stuck out her tongue playfully, and the rest of Zhao Gongming and others also knew that they had lost their composure, so they hurriedly shut up.

"By the way, fellow daoists, when we were discussing the Dao, the two from the sun star intended to visit, but I blocked them back. I arranged a formation outside the lunar star to hide the lunar star. Now the two Fellow daoists wake up, and the right to control this formation should be returned to you."

This time, Xi He and Chang Xi were taken aback even more, and they looked at Lin Long with more respect.

You must know that the original formation of the Lunar Star is defensive, in order to prevent outside creatures from entering the Lunar Star.

It took a lot of time for Xi and the two daughters to arrange this, once touched, they would be noticed.

However, now that the entire formation has been replaced, they didn't notice it at all!

"The accomplishments of fellow daoist formations really amazed my two sisters, admire, admire!"

Lin Long nodded, and handed over the control of the formation to Xihe and Changxi.

And after feeling it for a while, the two girls opened their beautiful eyes even wider: "What an exquisite formation! Fellow Daoist, do you know if this formation has a name?"

Lin Long pondered for a moment, then explained: "I modified this formation according to an innate formation. Although it is completely different, let's call it the Three Immortals Floating Life Formation."

Under the control of the pupil of the Dao, Lin Long can change the structure of the formation at will.

And this time, it also used the original Three Immortals Floating Life Formation.

"Fellow Daoist just said, those two people on Sun Planet have been here?"

Xi He asked, Lin Long nodded: "Yes, I have indeed been here."

After thinking about it for a while, the second daughter knew the reason.

It must be that the rhyme of Taoism escaped when Lin Long was preaching, which attracted them, but Lin Long blocked him back, and the intention was obvious, he just didn't want to see those two.

As for them not noticing the movement at all, it is easy to explain.

Lin Long's strength is too strong, and he can easily crush God Jun and Tai Yi!

"Sure enough, this is a low-key power!"

Xihe and Changxi looked at each other with unconcealable joy in their eyes.

This time it was really a bargain!

But Lin Long was a little surprised when he saw that Xi He put the essence of the formation into his sleeve, but he didn't withdraw or change the formation.

"Fellow Daoist, don't you keep this formation and make no changes?"

Hearing this, Xi He laughed and said, "Fellow Daoist, this formation is exquisite. My sister and I already like to be clean, so it's just right to hide the lunar star."

"But this formation was arranged by me..."

Lin Long was slightly stunned. The two sisters didn't move the formation. Could it be that the Lunar Star will open the door to him in the future, and he can enter whenever he wants?

Xi He and Chang Xi naturally understood the meaning of Lin Long's words, their pretty faces blushed immediately, and they both said, "No problem, we believe in the character of fellow Taoist..."


		