

In the Chaos Pearl, Lin Long continued to open up and deduce the small world.

At the same time, the proficiency of various laws is also improving rapidly.

Time flies by.

The dispute between the three clans ended, and Honghuang also ushered in a rare period of peace.

In the blink of an eye, it is a thousand years.

Under Lin Long's planning, the three clans have restarted their multiplication on Sanxian Island.

As for the original territory of the three tribes in the prehistoric, the dragon tribe only kept a part of the four seas, and the phoenix tribe sent some tribesmen who did not want to go to Sanxian Island to garrison at the undead volcano. Some tribesmen are stationed on some spiritual veins.

For thousands of years, the three clans were extremely low-key in the wilderness, basically equivalent to the muffled ruins.

But everything has pros and cons.

Without the three clans, although there are fewer major conflicts, small conflicts have never been broken.

The creatures of all races in the prehistoric region were previously under the command of the three clans, but now the three clans have disappeared. At this time, these races also started to fight for hegemony in the prehistoric region, and began to scramble for territory everywhere.

It is unavoidable to let people sigh.

As for the behind-the-scenes players of Dragon and Phoenix Calamity, Luo Hu and Hong Jun, the thousand years of time have also disappeared like the three clans, making people almost forget the existence of these two.

this day.

In the depths of the North Sea, under the eyes of the sea, a burst of laughter came from it, and the laughter shook thousands of miles, shaking the entire bottom of the sea continuously.

The three clans living on Sanxian Island above the North Sea noticed the abnormality immediately, but soon, the people of the three clans calmed down.

There is no other reason, this laughter is from Aoki Dragon God, Lin Long!

The representatives elected by the three clans rushed to Haiyan immediately.

Deep in the bottom of the sea, Lin Long was wearing a long robe and a jade hairpin on his head, like a handsome young man, his brows were full of joy.

The representatives of the three clans looked at Lin Long, feeling a little familiar in the strangeness, and it took a while to confirm that this young man was Lin Long.

At first glance, Lin Long didn't seem to have changed much, but upon closer inspection, the representatives of the three clans gasped in their hearts.

Just because Lin Long in front of him seems to be the incarnation of law, every move affects the law of heaven and earth.

Even the exterior of its clothing is transformed by laws!

This shows that Lin Long's mastery of the laws has reached an extremely high level.

It can be said that it is like using your fingers.

"Congratulations to the Dragon God for leaving the customs, and congratulations to the Dragon God for improving his cultivation!"

When Lin Long's physical body and state reached the perfection of Daluo Jinxian before, it was like a sharp sword out of its sheath, showing its sharpness, giving people a feeling that they couldn't look directly at it.

But now, Lin Long has been able to completely control himself.

Although the realm is still perfected by Daluo Jinxian, the increased combat power is dozens of times that of before!

"Observation opens up the world, and it is really beneficial to practice."

With these thousand years of time, Lin Long has firmly established his foundation to an unbelievable level.

If it wasn't for the fact that he had mastered too many laws and didn't achieve great success in all of them, he could become a quasi-sage at any time, that is, the Primordial Golden Immortal, and he was still the most powerful among them.

Glancing at the representatives of the three clans, Lin Long waved his hand and said casually, "Okay, let's all get up."

"Today I have left customs, let me inform you that the affairs of the three clans in Honghuang should be dealt with quickly. After the development of the small world is completed, I will move the Sanxian Island to the small world someday."

"In the future, if the three clans have nothing to do in the wilderness, they are not allowed to come and go at will."

The representatives of the three clans nodded: "Yes, Lord Dragon God, I will inform the matter later."

After these people left, Lin Long raised his hand and pinched a few times.

According to the timeline, the decisive battle between Luo Hu and Hongjun should be in the recent period.

Just as he was deducing, another figure rushed over.

Lin Long knew who it was without looking back.

"Meet the master."

It was Kunpeng who came.

Kunpeng felt it the first moment Lin Long left the customs, but because the representatives of the three clans were always there, the relationship between Kunpeng and Lin Long was not made public, so he could only hold back his temper and wait for a few people to leave before reappearing.

Lin Long nodded, and asked casually: "Well, I came here on purpose, but do you have anything to report?"

Kunpeng bowed his head and said respectfully, "Master, you asked me to search for treasures of heaven and earth before retreating, and I brought them here for the purpose of master."

After all, Kunpeng presented the bag of universe created by his own mana to Lin Long.

Lin Long didn't go to pick it up, but just glanced at it with his spiritual sense.

"That's right, there are fifty medium-grade innate spiritual roots, and more than one hundred low-grade ones, plus some spiritual treasures. It seems that you haven't been lazy for a thousand years."

Kunpeng hurriedly replied: "Kunpeng dare not be careless about what the master ordered!"

Lin Long nodded, and said casually: "Okay, you keep one third, and I will send someone to take the rest later. I will put these spiritual roots on Sanxian Island for cultivation, and I will credit you for this time .”

Kunpeng was overjoyed: "Thank you, master."


After thousands of years, Lin Long has a deeper understanding of Chaos Orb.

And also discovered some magical uses of Chaos Orb.

The spiritual roots that cannot be planted outside can be easily cultivated in the Chaos Orb, and even the grade will be improved.

After many observations, Lin Long found that this should be due to the aura of chaos, and there is no restriction of the law of heaven in the chaos orb, which is why it has such an effect.

The things at hand are basically done.

Lin Long broke through the water, stood on the water, and breathed the fresh air.

There was another breakthrough in strength, and Lin Long's state of mind also changed somewhat.

At this moment, two tyrannical auras flew towards him.

Lin Long frowned slightly: "Huh? Are they coming towards me?"

Just as he was thinking, two figures had arrived in front of Lin Long.

The visitors are a man and a woman.

The man looked like a middle-aged man, wearing a dark green armor, looking dignified.

The woman exudes a mature charm, and she doesn't look like a fairy in the wild, but looks a bit like a cheongsam, which perfectly outlines her uneven body.

"What are you doing here?"

Lin Long knew the identities of these two, they were the other two five-clawed dragons of the dragon clan except Zulong and himself.

Azure Dragon, Candle Dragon!

The cultivation bases of these two are also infinitely close to the perfection of Daluo Jinxian.

"Qinglong has seen Qingmu Dragon God."

"Candle Dragon has seen the Cyanwood Dragon God."

Lin Long nodded, and said, "Well, there's no need to be polite, the two of you hurried over here, but what's the matter?"

Qinglong and Zhulong looked at each other, hesitated for a moment, and then said: "Qingmu Dragon God, we hope to expel the Phoenix and Qilin tribes on Sanxian Island."

"That's right, Sanxian Island is full of spiritual energy and countless spirit treasures. They belong to my Dragon Clan. Why should I distribute them to the Phoenix Clan and the Qilin Clan!"

Hearing this, Lin Long's eyes turned cold instantly, and he hummed, "Is this what you mean or what the whole Dragon Clan means."


		