

Lin Long didn't really care much about the fortune jade dish.

It will be a matter of time before I own the World Tree and the Three Thousand Great Ways.

Before asking for the good luck jade plate, it was just to bring a condom for myself, no, it was a seat belt, so as not to be blacked out by this old six in case I professed the Tao after Hongjun.

But now his cultivation base is on par with Hongjun, so he doesn't fear Hongjun in a real fight.

Therefore, the fortune jade plate is optional, and he doesn't mind if it is exchanged for other benefits.

Looking back at Hongjun, he felt as if Lin Long had strangled his life.

After making up my mind, I don't want to hand over the jade plate of good fortune, so I negotiate terms recklessly!

Just now he was still thinking about why Lin Long was so talkative and willing to give up the good fortune jade plate, but now Hongjun just wanted to give himself two big competitions.

I shouldn't have any hope for Lin Long!

Qiankun Ding!

Top-grade innate spirit treasure!

But this thing is quite different from the general top-grade innate spirit treasure.

Qiankun Ding can turn acquired into innate!

Having this spirit treasure is equivalent to having countless innate spirit treasures!

It can be said that the value of a universe cauldron is greater than that of ordinary innate treasures!

It took him a lot of effort to get this thing back then, and he picked it up from the side when Luo Hu attacked the ancestor of Qiankun in a sneak attack.

If it's just that, that's all, Xiantian Lingbao is not important to Hongjun.

The point is, Hongjun can deduce that Qiankunding will have a lot to do with a change in the world in the future.

It is related to the termination of a calamity!

If it was given to Lin Long now, what would he use to forge a Qiankun Ding?

If at that time, I need the Qiankun Cauldron and go to Lin Long to borrow it, I will definitely bleed again!

"Damn it, this Lin Long is really scheming!"

Hongjun gritted his teeth and cursed in his heart.

The good mood of preaching and becoming holy before, will be gone once meeting Lin Long!

If he hadn't been afraid, Hongjun really wanted to take out the soles of his shoes and slap Lin Long's hateful face fiercely!

Looking at Lin Long again, he was looking at Hongjun with a smile on his face at the moment, not in a hurry at all.

Because he knew that Hongjun would definitely agree.

After an unknown amount of time, Hongjun took a deep breath and spoke again.

"If the Qiankun Cauldron is given to you, in the next two lectures, you and everyone in your Dragon God Realm will not be able to appear in Zixiao Palace again."

For Lin Long, Hongjun was really bored.

Lin Long frowned slightly, and said with a smile: "Okay, get the Qiankun Cauldron, and in your next two sermons, neither I nor the people of my Dragon God Realm will appear in Zixiao Palace."

Hongjun said again: "Not only that, the Qiankun Ding will be of great use in the prehistoric times in the future, and at that time, you must lend me the Qiankun Ding."

"Then we'll talk about it in due time."

Lin Long laughed.

In fact, regardless of whether Hongjun borrowed it or not, he would take it out. After all, when Nuwa repaired the sky, the Qiankun Ding and Jiutian Xiyang would be of great use.

After all, the friendship with Nuwa is here, besides, who has any enmity with merit?

But how could he tell Hong Junming about this kind of thing?

If you can get more benefits from Hongjun, you will naturally do everything possible to get more.

At that time, I have to wait for Hongjun to speak on my own initiative, and Hongjun has to peel off his skin no matter what.

After negotiating these two matters, between Hongjun's backhands, a palm-sized, bronze-colored small cauldron appeared in his hand.

It is the Qiankun Ding!

I heard Hongjun say: "This thing is the Qiankun Ding, which can return the acquired to the innate. It is the only one of the great treasures in the wild. Its value is not much different from the innate treasure. Lin Long, you..."

"Okay, okay, hurry up and give me two more innate treasures, don't talk so much nonsense, there are still many things waiting for me to deal with in the Dragon God Realm."

Lin Long put away the Qiankun Ding, then waved his hand and said impatiently.

Hong Jun didn't bother to talk nonsense anymore, he threw two innate treasures to Lin Long without looking at him again.

The more I look at it, the more I can't help but want to slap him!

"Okay, Hongjun, this is the end of today's matter. If you have nothing else to do, I can take my apprentice back to Dragon God Realm."

Now that the benefits are all in hand, Lin Long also plans to leave Zixiao Palace.

"Humph!"

Hongjun snorted angrily and said nothing.

However, when Lin Long walked to the gate of Zixiao Palace, Hongjun suddenly spoke again.

"Lin Long, what level has your cultivation reached now?"

There was an inexplicable expression in Hongjun's eyes.

Lin Long smiled slightly, and said ambiguously: "Don't say it, don't say it."

After finishing speaking, Lin Long didn't turn his head back, turned and left Zixiao Palace.

In the main hall of Zixiao Palace, Hongjun was left sitting alone on the futon, with a flash of light in his eyes from time to time.

"Don't say it? Hmph, I think it's at least on par with me!"

This conclusion made Hongjun even more annoyed.

And more importantly, he couldn't see through Lin Long's cultivation, but Lin Long could see through his own.

In this way, he seems to be at least a line higher than himself!

"Hmph, Lin Long, I didn't expect you to become my opponent after raising your eyebrows."


Leaving Zixiao Palace, Lin Long looked back at the gate of Zixiao Palace, and smiled lightly.

Just now, Hongjun wanted to do something to himself more than once.

But every time Hongjun exerted coercion on himself, Lin Long took it lightly.

Even at the end, the old guy Hongjun even released the coercion of the saint, but unfortunately it still had no effect.

As the controller of the prehistoric world, Hongjun has never been a good talker.

I was able to sit in Zixiao Palace and let Hongjun speak calmly, and even negotiate terms, it was because I was strong enough.

Once his own strength is not enough, Hongjun will make a move every minute, without hesitation for a second.

this is the truth.

The so-called enlightenment of sentient beings is based on the foundation of strength.

Without strength, who will listen to you?

With just a word from Hongjun, he can make the Duke of the East and the Queen Mother of the West the head of the male and female immortals in the prehistoric world.

Even if the powerful people of the past are not convinced, they dare not say a word of no.

"We still can't relax, this old fellow Hongjun has been eyeing him all the time."

Lin Long sighed.

Outside the Zixiao Palace, many people still stopped, and when they saw Lin Long coming out, their eyes lit up.

"Master, you have come out!"

"Brother Lin!"

"Friend Lin Long."

Sanxiao, Zhao Gongming, Fuxi and Nuwa, Zhen Yuanzi and Hong Yun all did not leave.

"Master, we thought it would take you a long time to come out."

Bi Xiao stepped forward and hugged Lin Long's arm, and said coquettishly, causing Nuwa to frown, stepped forward and hugged Lin Long's other arm, and said in a demonstrative way: "Brother Lin, these few are Is it your disciple?"

When it came to the words Brother Lin and disciple, he deliberately bit the accent.

"Little sister, don't be rude in front of outsiders!"

Yun Xiao also saw some clues, stepped forward and scolded.

Of course, when she said the word "outsider" to her little sister, she also bit the accent.

The implication is that you can be rude when there are no outsiders.

"All right, all right, let me go!"

Lin Long couldn't laugh or cry, he never thought that his apprentice would get into a fight with Nuwa.

"Brother Lin, Hongjun didn't make things difficult for you, did he?"

Fuxi was on the side with a worried face, and at the same time stood in front of Nuwa calmly.

And Lin Long broke free from the warmth of his two arms, and said with a smile: "It's nothing, I just chatted with Daozu briefly, it's rare today, why don't we find a place and have a few drinks..."

Having said that, Lin Long looked at a stone pillar outside the main hall again: "Xiao Liuer, if you don't come out, we can go."

After the words fell, a figure scratching his head walked out behind a stone pillar on the field, it was the six-eared macaque.

"Hey, Master, when did you find me?"

Lin Long slapped Liu Er on the head, and said, "How dare you come to Zixiao Palace privately!"

"Master, disciple, disciple..."

He groaned for a long time without saying a word, Lin Long said again: "Forget it, if you can pass the Chaos Sea, you will also be considered as passing the examination, and I will not punish you as a teacher. I have seen your senior brother and the three Sister."

The six-eared macaque seemed to have received an amnesty, and hurriedly saluted Zhao Gongming and Sanxiao.

Zhao Gongming and San Xiao also hurriedly returned the gift, calling them juniors.

"Nuwa, Fuxi, I haven't been to your Buzhou Mountain for a long time. Why don't you come to your ashram for a sit down? Is it convenient?"

Lin Long said, he still has some things to explain to everyone, and it is suitable to go to Buzhou Mountain, and the territory of the Wu Clan is also there.

Nuwa was overjoyed: "Brother Lin, what did you say, Buzhou Mountain is our ashram and your ashram, hurry up!"

With that said, he pulled Lin Long to go to Buzhou Mountain.

The rest of the people naturally followed one by one.

There are still some great powers who have not left yet, seeing this scene, their tongues twitched in their hearts.

"Good guy, this is the Cyanwood Dragon God? You can chat with Daozu at will."

"This Qingmu Dragon God seems to be on good terms with Nuwa Fuxi and Zhenyuanzi Hongyun. In the future, these people must not be offended. Standing behind this is a figure like the ancestor of Taoism!"

There are quite a few great powers discussing quietly.

Off the court, Yuanshi Tianzun and Zhunti received him with complicated eyes.

"Lin Long, hmph, damn it, after all these years, his cultivation is still so strong."

"However, next time Dao Patriarch will also pass on the way of quasi-sage. With the path of practice, I may not be weaker than you! Wait, sooner or later I will catch up!"


		