

After dispelling the previous prejudices, Nuwa was extremely enthusiastic about Lin Long. Seeing Fuxi, the elder brother felt a sense of crisis in his heart, thinking that his sister might be lost like this.

"Brother Lin, where are you from? I heard from my elder brother that the prehistoric land is especially dangerous now. Is it true?"

The three gathered in front of a stone table, and Nuwa sat opposite Lin Long, with her chin resting on her delicate hands, and her big watery eyes looked at Lin Long flickeringly.

But Lin Long nodded, and said: "Yes, the prehistoric world today is indeed not peaceful. The dragon, phoenix, and unicorn clans are constantly fighting. If there is nothing important, it is best not to be in the prehistoric world casually during this period of time." The world moves."

"Ah? Really? I still want to travel to the prehistoric region. I've been staying in Buzhou Mountain, and I'm so bored to death."

Little Lolita was a little disappointed, but Lin Long shook his head.

Traveling to the prehistoric, is it so simple?

The reason why he can easily travel in the prehistoric region is also because he has the supernatural ability to reverse the future and can avoid most of the troubles.

If this little loli runs out, there will be no danger, but the karma of being contaminated is absolutely inevitable.

And karma, for practice, has a hundred harms and no benefit, so it is better to stay honestly in your own dojo if you have this time.

"If you really want to travel to the Great Desolation, you should wait until the dispute between the three tribes is over. Today's Great Desolation has been wrecked due to the war of the three tribes, and it is really meaningless."

Lin Long opened up: "However, if you feel bored, I can tell you more interesting stories about this prehistoric world."

Hearing this, Nuwa's depressed mind immediately became alive, and she couldn't help clapping her hands.


The longer Lin Long stayed in Fu Xi's dojo, the closer the relationship between the three became.

Lin Long told Nuwa Fuxi what he had seen and some rumors about the prehistoric times that later generations heard, and in the hearts of the two Fuxi brothers and sisters who were not deeply involved in the world, they also gradually regarded Lin Long as their relatives.

Every day, apart from listening to Lin Long telling stories, the three of them talked about Taoism.

After all, the pupil of Dao has been staring at the creature who wanted to spy on him at the beginning, and has not left for so many years, so Lin Long has plenty of time.

He wants to take advantage of this good opportunity to learn the laws and supernatural powers of Fu Xi and the other two!

Fu Xi's divination technique and Zhou Tian's calculus have their own unique features, which benefited Lin Long a lot, and even improved his understanding of the law of cause and effect and knowing the future.

As for the laws of good fortune mastered by Nuwa, they were also comprehended by Lin Long when discussing Taoism.

Of course, the laws mastered by Lin Long also opened Fuxi and Nuwa's eyes.

In a hurry, a century is fleeting.

A hundred years is really not a long time for Honghuang.

Many creatures have heard that there is a top-grade innate spirit treasure born in Buzhou Mountain, and they come to search for it. However, after searching for nothing, they can only give up in the end.


[You listen to Fuxi explaining the way of divination, comprehend supernatural powers, and innate hexagrams]

[You listen to Nuwa's explanation of the way of good fortune, comprehend 3% of the law of good fortune, and comprehend 20% of the current law of good fortune]

After a hundred years of discussing Taoism, Lin Long has also fully mastered the methods of Nuwa Fuxi, and he is even better than blue.

If we only talk about the law of good fortune, or the way of divination, Lin Long has already surpassed this pair of brothers and sisters.

However, a little unexpected joy at the moment made Lin Long's heart skip a beat.

[You comprehend the law of good fortune, reach 20%, and successfully realize the supernatural power: the transformation of the fetus into shape]

As the reminder surfaced, Lin Long felt that a layer of restriction in his body was finally broken!

The cultivation base that has never been deliberately improved is beginning to loosen at this moment!

The surrounding atmosphere suddenly climbed up, between the sky and the earth, the situation was changing, and the thunder was flashing!

Seeing this vision, Nuwa and Fuxi on the side were startled immediately, but they reacted immediately.

"Brother Lin is going to break through the late stage of Da Luo Jinxian!"

Hearing Nuwa's exclamation, Fuxi also nodded, and praised: "Brother Lin is really talented. When we first met, the realm is not much different from you and me. I didn't expect that it is only a hundred years now. Not only will you and me After learning the housekeeping skills, even the realm has been raised to the late stage of Da Luo Jinxian!"

Speaking of this, Fuxi took a serious look at Nuwa again, and said, "Little sister, it seems that you and I have to work hard, otherwise, we will not be able to keep up with Brother Lin. If Brother Lin's cultivation base surpasses ours by then, it will be too late." How can we stand in the same place as Brother Lin?"

Nu Wa stared at Lin Long with straight eyes, and nodded to Fu Xi's words.

But at this moment, following the vision, thunder flashed in the sky, and thunder bursts, like the mighty might of the sky, boundless coercion, descended suddenly!

The sudden coercion made the Fuxi brothers and sisters stunned on the spot.

Not only them, but even Lin Long didn't quite understand what was going on at the moment.

"It's so good, why did you send down the Thunder Tribulation?"

Ordinarily speaking, in today's prehistoric world, the way of heaven has not been completed, and there is no such thing as crossing the catastrophe at all!

What's more, I have only broken through a small realm. Even if the way of heaven is completed, my own improvement is not worth bringing down the thunder at all!

However, the situation is indeed a bit weird. What is happening now, everything shows that he is going through a catastrophe!

"Hmph, it's just tribulation thunder!"

Lin Long snorted coldly, but then used his magical powers.

[You used your supernatural powers to know the future and wanted to avoid the thunderstorm, but failed. The thunderstorm locked you and you couldn't dodge]

[You used your supernatural powers to know the future, and knew that you could not escape the tribulation thunder, so you simply relied on the law of thunder to forcibly overcome the calamity, your law of thunder absorbed the tribulation thunder]

"It can still be like this! Then come!"

Lin Long turned to Nuwa and Fuxi and said, "You stay away..."

Before the voice fell, the thunder in the robbery cloud had already condensed!

Click——

A thunder strikes down!

Lei Guang pierced through the space, filled with an aura and power of destruction.

But Lin Long gritted his teeth, and without dodging or dodging, he operated the law of space. Immediately, the law of space wrapped around his fist, and he punched out!

Zizizi——

Ripples appeared from the powerful power of space, and they collided with the thunder, bursting out bursts of sizzle.

In an instant, the aftermath was set off, and a terrifying aura suppressed the creatures in a radius of tens of thousands of miles and lowered their heads.

Even Nuwa and Fuxi, the two big Luo Jinxians, felt short of breath at this moment because of the aftermath.

"Brother Lin's strength is really terrifying. The comprehension of the law of space is estimated to be no less than 20%?"

Nu Wa raised her head and looked in Lin Long's direction, as if she was talking to herself, but at the same time she seemed to be asking.

But Fuxi frowned.

The three have lived together for a hundred years and discussed with each other. While Lin Long knew about Fuxi and Nuwa, Nuwa and Fuxi also knew about Lin Long.

Lin Long's methods definitely don't stop there!

Sure enough, after Lin Long scattered the first thunder with one punch, the second tribulation thunder followed closely!

And Lin Long's first punch was also to verify the results of his practice over the years. Now that the second tribulation thunder came, he brazenly used the law of thunder!

Thunder patterns emerged from between the eyebrows, and a thunder knife glowing with electric arc was gathered in Lin Long's hands almost in an instant!

"drink!"

The thunder knife slashed down, and the light of the knife seemed to cut open the world!

And that thunderbolt was also smashed apart by this knife, and then it was annihilated in the sharp edge of the thunder knife!

As these scattered thunders were submerged in the thunder knife, Lin Long also felt the power of the law of thunder in his body multiplying!

"Come on, become the nourishment of my law of thunder!"

A series of thunderbolts continued to strike down!

Third way!

Fourth way!

Fifth way!

Sixth way!

Seventh way!

Eighth way!

The landing of thunder and thunder, not only failed to hurt Lin Long, but made the law of thunder in Lin Long's body infinitely stronger!

However, since the eighth thunderbolt landed, the ninth thunderbolt has not landed for a long time!

In the sky, thunderclouds began to compress and gather!

In the middle of the air, Lin Long stood suspended in the air, and the ground below had already been loosened and scorched by the aftermath of the attack.

Lin Long could feel that Thunder seemed to be angered by his own methods!

Therefore, the power of the ninth thunderbolt is definitely not comparable to the first eight thunderbolts!

What's more, just this tribulation thunder is more powerful than the previous eight combined!

next moment--

In the clouds, a thunder dragon appeared ferociously!

As soon as it appeared, the whole earth seemed to tremble at this moment!

"Oh, transforming into a dragon?"

Lin Long was overjoyed: "Unexpectedly, in addition to the law of thunder, I can temper my dragon body!"

He could sense that the thunder dragon in the tribulation thunder already had a spirit!

It would be too wasteful to just absorb this thunder dragon into one's own law of thunder!

When he broke through the Daluo Golden Immortal's cultivation before, he raised his dragon body from a three-clawed golden dragon to a four-clawed one, and the golden scales even glowed faintly.

Now, this thunder dragon can help him transform into a dragon body and completely become a real five-clawed green dragon!

Among the dragon clan, purple, white, golden and blue!

It is said that the ancestor dragon, the ancestor of all dragons, is a five-clawed green dragon!

"Roar--"

With a loud and clear dragon chant, Lin Long was no longer in the position where Lin Long was before.

What followed was a golden dragon with a body of several hundred feet, soaring upwards!

The glistening golden scales, faintly glowing with blue light, let out an angry roar, before the Thunder Dragon landed, they swooped up and headed straight for the Thunder Dragon!


		