

"Speaking of which, since the last farewell to the West, I haven't discussed with Fellow Daoist Lin Long again. Today is an opportunity. What do you think, Fellow Daoist Lin Long?"

Hearing Hongjun's words full of fighting spirit, Lin Long smiled slightly. Sure enough, he was so angry that Hongjun finally couldn't help but want to fight!

In fact, before showing up, Lin Long had already guessed the result.

Therefore, the person who came to the scene this time was naturally not the avatar, but Lin Long's body!

As for the Dragon God Realm, he had already arranged layers of barriers, even if Hongjun wanted to break through, it would not be so easy.

The twenty-four Dinghai God Beads have been refined to a critical moment.

During this period of time, the fluctuation of the Chaos Orb became more and more intense, as if it could return to its peak state at any time.

If Duke Dong was still useful, Lin Long would never have left at this time.

As the head of the male immortals conferred by Hongjun, Dong Wanggong still has a certain influence even if he is abolished by Hongjun.

Moreover, the existence of Duke Dong seemed to be a stain on Hongjun.

Even monks, in fact, have very short real memories. If Duke Dong died, in less than ten thousand years, the monks in the prehistoric world would forget the former head of the male immortal.

And Hongjun's back-and-forth will be slowly covered up.

Lin Long wanted Duke Dong to live, and to ensure that the Immortal Alliance would continue to exist, and that Duke Dong should still claim his position as the head of male immortals.

The existence of Dong Wanggong will always remind everyone that Hongjun's words are not particularly credible.

Although it is a small trick, it will still have a considerable impact on Hongjun's evangelism.

After all, once there is no trust, everything is doubtful.

Even if Hongjun spread his way to the public, the cultivators would have to think twice about whether or not to practice this way.

It is definitely a failure of Hongjun to directly abolish the position of the head of the Eastern Prince and Male Immortal.

This kind of thing can't always be encountered, Hongjun's flaws are not easy to grasp, of course Lin Long has to grasp them.

"Since Daozu said so, if I don't agree, it would be unreasonable, then..."

"I just did one!"

Lin Long's eyes instantly became sharp!

In his hand, a precious sword refined from six pure bamboos appeared at some point in his hand, and the ten thousand zhang sword light soared into the sky!

Countless great powers were shocked just by seeing this sword glow!

Hongjun waved the whisk in his hand, and with just a light sweep, the space in front of him collapsed!

The dust whisk is like a white cloud, separating yin and yang.

A seemingly ordinary blow, but in fact it contains the laws of heaven, and the Daluo Jinxian is completely unable to resist this blow.

However, Lin Long remained steadfast!

The sword light swept across, forcing back Hongjun's attack with just one strike.

"Heaven and Earth Sword Furnace!"

With a low shout, in an instant, sword intent was everywhere in the world!

A fierce sword wind blew past, and the monks who had no time to dodge in the range of Lin Long Tiandi Sword Furnace in the future, under this sword wind, instantly turned into dust and disappeared invisible!

This scene made the hearts of all the Almighty extremely terrified!

"Here, go back! Sword intent is everywhere here!"

The Heaven and Earth Sword Furnace is a Dao-level supernatural power deduced by Lin Long relying on the Zhuxian Sword Formation, the heaven and the earth are swords!

Within the range of his sword furnace, everything will be transformed into his sword intent!

Even if it is a breeze, it is still a full blow on the way of the sword!

"This trick again!"

Hongjun's eyes instantly became alert.

Ten thousand years ago, I had seen this move before. Back then, Lin Long relied on this move to force himself to give up the idea of ​​killing him and Patriarch Yang Mei.

After many years, the two have stepped into the realm of saints (Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian), and the power of this move has already been increased by countless times!

On Hongjun's head, the Jade Butterfly of Good Fortune bloomed with light, and the milky white light was like a barrier. Lin Long and Hongjun seemed to be separated by a world.

The Heaven and Earth Sword Furnace is dangerous, but it is temporarily unable to kill Hongjun.

"This, this is the strength of Daozu and Aoki Dragon God..."

The onlookers were deeply shocked!

I am still complacent about reaching the consummation state of Da Luo Jinxian, but I don't know that in front of these two, Da Luo Jinxian is just an ant that can be killed easily.

After all, no matter it was Lin Long's Heaven and Earth Sword Furnace, or Hongjun's Jade Butterfly Whisk, they had no way to resist it.

"What a delicate way of swordsmanship! What a powerful formation! This Aoki Dragon God is really extraordinary!"

Tongtian looked at the Heaven and Earth Sword Furnace, his eyes were full of light.

He is already proficient in formation and swordsmanship, and the Heaven and Earth Sword Furnace can be said to be the most suitable supernatural power for reaching the sky.

It's a pity that even he can't see how the heaven and earth sword furnace is composed of a supernatural power.

I only know that it is powerful, but it cannot be imitated.

"Using the power of heaven and earth for his own use, this Cyanwood Dragon God has indeed reached that level."

The old man on the side said quietly.

The state mentioned by Lao Tzu is of course the state of that sage Hongjun.

It's just that he didn't know that Lin Long was not a saint, but a Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian.

Yuanshi Tianzun looked at Lin Long and Hongjun who were far away from the prehistoric world, with unwillingness in his eyes.

At the beginning, in ancient times, in the East China Sea, Lin Long was not his opponent, so he could only use sneak attacks in front of him.

Unexpectedly, after a calamity, Lin Long has become the top power that he can only look up to!

Yuanshi has always boasted that he is not weaker than others, and that he is authentic Pangu, with great luck to protect him.

But on Lin Long, Yuan Shi couldn't say these words at all.

"Damn! I am Sanqing Yuqing! Pangu is authentic! Why can't I compare with this dragon clan!"

Yuan Shi was unwilling.

The East Prince looked at the scene above with complicated eyes.

"Hehe, how ridiculous it was that I was planning to attack the Dragon God Realm in vain."

"Overlord of Heaven and Earth, hehe, what a joke."

"With these two around, who is the overlord of heaven and earth, what's the point?"

"Even if you really sit in that position, who would dare to say anything if you have anything to do with these two?"

The Eastern Prince finally understood that in this prehistoric age, power is only an illusory thing.

Hongjun can make himself the head of the male immortals in the prehistoric world with one sentence, or he can destroy himself with one sentence.

Strength is the last word.

But Dong Wanggong also understands that his heels will never reach the level of Hongjun and Lin Long, and it is almost his limit right now.

"My East Prince has lived in vain for countless years, how ridiculous, how sad, hehehe."

Amidst the desolate laughter, Duke Dong's heart moved: "No, maybe I still have a further chance!"

"The Cyanwood Dragon God and Hongjun are not practicing the same method, maybe I am still useful to the Cyanwood Dragon God, otherwise he won't save me!"

Thinking of this, Prince Dong's eyes slowly lit up.

I don't want to be the overlord of heaven and earth.

But the matter of hugging the thigh still needs to be considered.

Aoki Dragon God can compete with Hongjun.

Having just saved himself from Hongjun's hands, his existence must be of some use to Aoki Dragon God.

In this case, you have to perform well.

My life is still long, and for the rest of my life, I don't want to live like a clown anymore!


		