

In the void, Lin Long was not worried that he would be discovered by Hongjun.

This chaotic orb has the effect of isolating the secrets of heaven. As long as Lin Long maintains the current state and does not make any noise, even if Hongjun deduces it with the good fortune jade butterfly, it will not be able to deduce the result.

Hongjun preached for the second time. How could he miss such an interesting event?

It's just that he had just fought with Hongjun, if he appeared directly in the Zixiao Palace, Hongjun would probably explode in anger, and would fight himself desperately.

Moreover, Lin Long also wanted to try the effect of the Chaos Orb.

Now it seems that I really did not let myself down!

"It's not in vain that I spent so much effort refining it."

Lin Long nodded in satisfaction, and then looked at Hongjun in Zixiao Palace.

At this time, Hongjun was talking about three methods of proving the Tao and becoming holy.

The first type is naturally to prove the way with force, but Hongjun, the old brat, vaguely confused the method of using force to prove the way.

"Obviously, the old man wants to guide people not to take the path of proving the way by force, but to follow his method of beheading three corpses to prove the way."

"Hmph, that's a good idea."

There are actually not only three methods of proving the Tao that Hongjun knows, there is another one that Hongjun did not mention.

That is the law of harmony.

One can also become a saint if one is in harmony with the way of heaven.

But for Hongjun who has chosen the path of Hedao, it is naturally impossible for him to cultivate any enemies for himself.

Unless he's out of his mind.

"Hmph, old man, if one day you make me anxious, I'll spread the law of harmony in the prehistoric world!"

"See if you still have time to calculate."

Lin Long also cursed secretly in his heart, but he could only think about these words in his heart. If he really did this, Hongjun would definitely fight himself desperately.

Afterwards, he looked at the people on the futon. If he remembered correctly, after the second sermon, Hongjun would appoint a candidate for the saint.

Once the saint is born, Hongjun's ability to control the prehistoric world will become unprecedentedly high, and his cultivation base will also be greatly improved.

At that time, I will become very passive.

However, the matter was not that bad. At least, Lin Long was not unable to deal with it, it was just troublesome.

For example, Hongjun can train saints to deal with him, so he can also poach the wall, right?

Just like Nuwa!

Lin Long has absolute confidence that he can drag Nuwa to his side, the only thing he needs to worry about is the issue of the Primordial Purple Qi.

With Hongjun's character, even if he supported those saints, he would have to control them in most cases.

And the one most likely to tamper with is the Primordial Purple Qi!

Saints are immortal, and logically speaking, they will not be controlled.

As for why Hongjun would suddenly take out something like the Meteor Saint Pill after the Conferred God Quantity Tribulation, it was most likely a cover.

It doesn't matter if you accept the Meteor Saint Pill or not, the key is whether you dare to take it or not, there are plenty of means to deal with you!

As early as when he obtained the primordial purple energy, the means had already been planted, but it was never revealed.

I gave you the Meteor Saint Pill just to save Sanqing's face.

Lin Long's thoughts kept turning, while Hongjun over there had already begun to explain in detail the method of beheading the three corpses to become holy.

At this time, no matter how stupid the people who listened to the Taoism in Zixiao Palace were, they had come to their senses.

What are the three kinds of righteous ways? It is said that there are three kinds, but in fact, only cutting the three corpses can get away!

Of course, although all living beings are complaining in their hearts, they can only accept it helplessly.

After all, something is better than nothing.

At that moment, many living beings in Zixiao Palace bowed down to Hongjun: "Please Dao Patriarch show kindness and give me the method of beheading three corpses to prove the Tao!"

Seeing these creatures being so good at Taoism, Hongjun nodded in satisfaction, and said, "What I said this time is the method of beheading three corpses to prove Taoism!"

"Cut off the three corpses and become a quasi-sage!"

"Corpse, the meaning of God Lord, is divided into good corpse, evil corpse, and self corpse."

"Cultivation opportunities are different, all living beings have different personalities, and the difficulty of beheading the three corpses is also different."

"We practitioners can use the innate spirit treasure to cut off the three corpses."

"The beheaded corpse can be placed on the spirit treasure and turned into a clone."

"If the three corpses are consummated, then the quasi-sage is consummated. This is the condition for becoming a saint."

At this point, Hongjun didn't continue to talk. Instead, he changed the subject and began to explain in detail how to cut the corpse.

In the main hall, following Hongjun's voice for a while, visions began to appear, flowers falling from the sky, golden lotus springing from the ground, courage surged, and mist rose.

Every time Hongjun opened his mouth, it was like a great mantra, which made everyone mesmerized by it.

Lin Long was in the void, and he was also listening to Hongjun's sermon.

Although he had already obtained the complete practice method of killing three corpses from Hongjun before, how could the effect of his own comprehension be as good as Hongjun's explanation?

Besides, as the saying goes, stones from other mountains can be used to attack jade, and it is not harmful to oneself to listen to others.

As Lin Long sank his mind and listened quietly to Hongjun's sermon, hints resurfaced in his mind.

[You listened to Hongjun's explanation of the method of beheading three corpses, and successfully comprehended the Dao-level supernatural powers, and transformed into thousands of people! 】

"Hey, it really doesn't hurt to listen to Hongjun's preaching, isn't this opportunity just here?"

Lin Long chuckled and closed his eyes to feel it.

[Thousands of bodies, Dao-level supernatural powers, can use the long river of time to differentiate one's own avatar, the avatar's strength is the same as the user's. 】

[The use of this supernatural power does not consume mana, and the avatar can reverse the long river of time, requiring the user to bear considerable karma. 】

After feeling the usage of this supernatural power, Lin Long was also taken aback.

"I didn't expect Zixiao Palace to give me such a surprise after listening to the Tao!"

This supernatural power is very strong, it can be said to be very powerful.

As long as he can bear the cause and effect, he can summon a clone with the same strength as himself at will.

And it's not limited in quantity.

This is much better than refining the fleshy body of Taoist Mosquito as a clone, or using divine thoughts to transform a clone!

Of course, Lin Long is also very clear that using this kind of supernatural power must bear a lot of karma.

Otherwise, this supernatural power would not be at the Dao level.

Although this is the case, it does not prevent this from being an extremely powerful supernatural power.

Think about it, if you are really driven to a desperate situation, you will die if you don't use it. At this time, you will try your best to bear the karma of cause and effect, use this supernatural power, and summon a few clones with the same cultivation level as yourself, or in the peak state. what a feeling.

The identities of hunter and prey are switched instantly.

This supernatural power is definitely a very powerful hole card.

The only downside is that you have to be careful when using it.

Lin Long laughed in satisfaction: "Hongjun, Hongjun, I would like to thank you this time. If it wasn't for you, I wouldn't be able to comprehend such a powerful supernatural power."

At this time, he was in a very good mood, and it was true that he came to eavesdrop on Hongjun's sermon this time!

In the twinkling of an eye, a thousand years passed in the blink of an eye.

Hongjun's sermon is also coming to an end.

Many visions in the main hall of Zixiao Palace have begun to dissipate slowly.

Some creatures whose comprehension was a level worse have already woken up early, no longer enlightened, just trying to absorb the spiritual energy in this hall, and forcibly improve their cultivation base.

Above the heavens Qingyun, Hongjun slowly opened his eyes, looking at the few people on the futon in the front row below.

Sanqing, Nuwa Fuxi...all are still in the state of enlightenment.

The breath around him kept floating, obviously, this was a sign of a breakthrough.

Other than these few, Zhunti, who was squatting in the corner, was not bad, and he was also still enlightened.

finally!

I saw Laozi sitting on the futon suddenly opened his eyes!

The aura around him continued to rise, and with a backhand, Lao Tzu sacrificed an innate spiritual treasure, and with a light lift, he was lifted into the air.

"Self corpse, cut!"

With a low shout, immediately, a figure slowly emerged from Lao Tzu's body.


		