

The World Tree self-generated and separated from the chaotic world. On the top of the tree, a crystal clear Dao Seed that condensed all the essence of the World Tree appeared in front of Lin Long.

Without hesitation, Lin Long took off the Dao Seed, opened his mouth and swallowed it!

The Dao seed entered the body, and the blood of Lin Long's Chaos Demon God came into contact with him!

In an instant, the Dao Seed took root in Lin Long's body.

Time, space, devouring, good fortune, cause and effect, five elements...

Under the guidance of Dao Seeds, several powerful and complete laws gathered in Lin Long's Sea of ​​Consciousness.

The law of force is entrenched above the dao seed.

Under the nourishment of the law, the originally pure and colorless Dao species began to change.

Soon, Dao Seed successfully incorporated several laws into it.

"Hunyuan Wuji Luo Jinxian, success!"

Following Lin Long's low voice, the bottleneck that had been stuck in Hunyuan Da Luo Jinxian was like a broken bottle, Lin Long's realm suddenly soared!

Hunyuan Wuji Luo Jinxian came out, and the prehistoric world was shaken.

All sentient beings saw a body that seemed to be the image of a giant dragon that could occupy the entire prehistoric world, reflected on the sky.

Between heaven and earth, various visions emerged.

Between heaven and earth, Taoist songs are heard, and spiritual energy is scattered.

There are also boundless golden clouds gathering from all directions.

In the clouds, a fairy ladder with 485,000 steps appeared.

On both sides, there are golden boys and jade girls, countless fairy lights.

There are even more great words on the ladder, constantly manifesting, and the world is peaceful.

"I'm waiting to wish the Dragon God enlightenment!"

Although the prehistoric creatures don't know what state Lin Long has reached, one thing is certain, the Aoki Dragon God must have broken through again for such a vision.

No, looking at the phantom of the giant dragon in the sky now, there is no shadow of the green dragon in the wilderness, so it seems a bit inappropriate to call it the green wood dragon god.

This is clearly the True Chaos Dragon.

Although it has some origins with the Honghuang Dragon Clan, but in real terms, its rank is higher than that of the Honghuang Dragon Clan.

"I'm waiting to bless the Supreme Dragon God!"

In the sky, many visions have been maintained for a hundred years, and countless creatures from the prehistoric land have been nourished.

These places and creatures are all blessed by Lin Long, and I feel grateful for Lin Long's kindness in my heart.

While Lin Long was in the Dragon Temple, he was feeling his own realm.

Only when he really reached the realm of Hunyuan Wuji Luo Jinxian did Lin Long know how big the gap in this realm was.

Different from the previous realm classification, Hunyuan Wuji Luo Jinxian realm is not divided into four stages of completion after junior high school.

Instead, it is fully divided into twelve layers!

Every breakthrough is equivalent to a big realm, and the gap between Hunyuan Wuji and Luo Jinxian is not so big.

Even if they are in the same realm and have different comprehension of the laws, it may cause a crushing situation.

Lin Long himself has mastered nearly ten kinds of laws, and each of them is a top-notch law.

Among them, there is even the topmost existence such as the law of strength.

With this as a reliance, Lin Long is not invincible in the same realm, not to mention invincible, not far behind.

Concentrating on his own aura, Lin Long spent nearly a hundred years to stabilize his realm.

In the prehistoric land, since the last time he gave a sermon in Zixiao Palace, Hongjun has not shown up again.

Even the gate of Zixiao Palace has always been closed, and there is no intention of opening it.

On this day, in the Dragon God Hall, Lin Long was cultivating steadily, when a familiar aura suddenly appeared in the hall.

On the futon, Lin Long slowly opened his eyes and looked forward.

I saw a young man in a white robe with a stern expression appearing in the Dragon God Hall at some unknown time.

"God?"

The young man nodded, the expression on his face remained unchanged.

If it wasn't for the flesh and blood on the face, Lin Long would have suspected that the face was painted on.

It seems that after the Three Daos of the Great and the Desolate appeared together last time, the Dao of Heaven has really grown a lot, and now it can transform into a body by itself.

Lin Long could tell that the young man's body was completely composed of the power of heaven.

If he really does it, this young man can show his strength comparable to that of a saint in the early stage.

And this is just a clone.

If it is the main body, I don't know how strong it should be.

The other party came to him, it was definitely not to chat about old times.

There are only a few things that can make the way of heaven appear.

Lin Long asked: "Could it be that something happened to Hongjun?"

The young man frowned slightly: "You know?"

Lin Long chuckled and shook his head: "Hehe, I don't know, but there are only a few things that make you come to me."

"After the Zixiao Palace preached last time, there has been no news of Hongjun. He is not a master who is willing to give up."

"Besides, Hongjun's predecessor was Chaos Demon God. I don't believe he doesn't even have any hole cards."

In Chaos, after seeing the corpse of the Chaos Demon God, Lin Long more intuitively realized the power of the Chaos Demon God.

That is completely incomparable to the current prehistoric creatures.

Although Hongjun no longer has the body of the Chaos Demon God, some supernatural powers must have been preserved.

Tiandao looked at Lin Long, and there was a rare emotion in his eyes, which were meaningful eyes.

"Compared to Hongjun, you are now the Chaos Demon God."

Lin Long smiled, and did not deny that other prehistoric creatures might not be able to guess the fact that his body has transformed into the heel of the Chaos Demon God, but what is in front of him is the prehistoric way of heaven, so it is not difficult to guess this.

Hong Huang originally did not allow the Chaos Demon God to exist, but Lin Long was a little special.

Young Tiandao finds it difficult to deal with Lin Long.

"You, it's very strange. You were originally a wild creature, but you were able to break through the confinement and become a Chaos Demon God. This should never have happened."

Lin Long shrugged: "There are exceptions to everything. Even the ruthless Dao of Heaven has made a deal with me, a creature, before."

The youth is silent. ,

Indeed, in everything, even under the operation of the law of heaven, there will always be some flaws.

Anyway, Lin Long's predecessor was also an innate creature. Even if he transformed into a Chaos Demon God now, his thinking was still a wild creature, and he would not kill and cruelly like a Chaos Demon God.

Tiandao simply acquiesced in the existence of Lin Long.

On this issue, Tiandao was not too entangled, and turned to the real business.

"Luo Hu has been resurrected, and now he should be joining forces with Hongjun to regain control of heaven and earth."

Lin Long frowned slightly.

Luo Hu was resurrected.

That's right, when Luo Hu died, he made a vow to eliminate demons. Such great power, even if he roared before death, was definitely not aimless.

But even so, Lin Long was not worried.

I am now the first level of Hunyuan Wuji Luo Jinxian.

Even if Hongjun and Luo Hu join forces, they are still not their opponents.

Only when you really reach this realm can you really understand how strong this realm is.

When it comes to Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian, it can be said that the strength of each small realm is very different.

As for Hunyuan Wuji Luo Jinxian, it is even more of a difference.

But seeing the youth of Tiandao shook his head.

"Luo Hu and Hongjun are not simply joining forces. I can't find out what the specific situation is now."

"But their auras are very strange, as if they are mixed together, and their cultivation base has also been greatly improved. It feels that they are not weaker than yours, and even much stronger."


		