

Aoki Dragon God?

Hearing Taoist Mosquito's address, Lin Long was stunned for a moment, but he immediately came to his senses.

My own body is a five-clawed green dragon, and green dragons are mostly wood attributes.

The creatures in the wilderness didn't know their specific information, they only knew that they were a green dragon, so they simply gave themselves the name of the green wood dragon god.

"I don't know about the Cyanwood Dragon God, and the matter of the dragon clan has nothing to do with me."

Lin Long said: "Today you provoked me, and I gave you a chance, but you want to die, no wonder others!"

Regardless of whether he admits it or not, since his name has been passed on here, it means that the Dragon Clan also has power in Beihai.

That being the case, then let this Taoist Mosquito leave!

"You can die!"

As the voice fell, a cold light flashed in Lin Long's eyes, and his left hand suddenly turned into a dragon's claw, directly tearing apart the space, and suddenly appeared in front of Taoist Mosquito!

Daoist Mosquito trembled in his heart, and shouted in shock: "You still say that you are not the Azure Wood Dragon God! Five-clawed Azure Dragon, besides that one, you are the only one!"

To be honest, Lin Long's speed was not considered fast, but it gave Taoist Mosquito a feeling that he couldn't dodge.

"what--"

Even though he was in full swing, Taoist Mosquito was still grabbed by Lin Long's shoulder tightly, and with a ruthless pull, the arm that was born was torn apart again!

In mid-air, Taoist Mosquito screamed, and a large amount of blood poured down like rain.

Even though his limbs can be regenerated, there is a limit to the number.

Now that Lin Long can crush himself with ease, Daoist Mosquito naturally doesn't want to suffer in vain here.

And this heart-piercing pain also aroused his desire to survive.

I saw bursts of black mist floating around Taoist Mosquito, and the next moment, a mosquito with a figure of several hundred feet and several pairs of pitch-black wings appeared in midair.

This is exactly the body of Taoist Mosquito.

Bloodwing Black Mosquito!

It was also the first mosquito born in the wild.

He originally had six pairs of wings, but two were torn off by Lin Long, and now there are only five pairs left.

The five pairs of wings frantically flapped and made harsh noises. Immediately afterwards, Daoist Mosquito turned into a black shadow, disappeared into the sky in an instant, and flew towards the depths of the North Sea.

And Lin Long looked at the direction where Taoist Mosquito disappeared, with a smile on the corner of his mouth.

"This Mosquito Taoist can be regarded as a wild alien. It's a pity that he has to die here today. However, the method of devouring he has mastered is not bad. It gave me a lot of inspiration just now, but it can be used as a waste."

Daoist Mosquito must die today, this is something Lin Long has already decided, but before Daoist Mosquito dies, he must squeeze out his value as much as possible.

After these years of precipitation, my own law of devouring has reached nearly 50%, and it is only a step away from achieving a qualitative change.

As long as the comprehension of all the laws of the Great Desolation reaches or exceeds 50%, there will be a qualitative change immediately, and the power will be quite different from before.

Lin Long had a faint feeling in his heart that this Taoist Mosquito was the opportunity for him to break through 50% of the Law of Devouring.

As for Taoist Mosquito fleeing, Lin Long didn't care at all.

My supernatural powers to control the wind and clouds have already been accomplished, plus my comprehension of the law of wind.

A million miles in an instant is not a problem. Taoist Mosquito's speed may be very fast for ordinary creatures, but for him, he really can't stand on the table.

In the clouds, Daoist Mosquito had a terrified expression on his face, and kept flapping his wings, hoping to make six more pairs, so that he could go faster.

"Damn it, this damn dragon! It's so strong! I don't even have the slightest power to fight back!"

"No, I have to run away! If he catches me again, I will be in trouble."

"It's also fortunate that I'm fast, otherwise today would be a real catastrophe."

While flying in a hurry, Taoist Mosquito felt a lingering fear.

Not to mention Lin Long's sneak attack at the beginning, but the power of the claw that was handed directly across the face just now is still lingering in Taoist Mosquito's heart, and it has not dissipated for a long time.

That claw contains the power of the three laws of time, space, and cause and effect. It is definitely a fluke that I can dodge it. If I do it again, I will definitely not be able to dodge it.

On this point, Taoist Mosquito is extremely sure.

Of course, what he didn't know was that if Lin Long didn't want to use waste, he couldn't dodge that claw no matter what!

The lion needs all its strength to fight the rabbit, if Taoist Mosquito is still valuable to him, how could Lin Long keep his hand.

After escaping for a certain distance, Taoist Mosquito carefully looked back, seeing that there was no trace of Lin Long, he let out a long sigh of relief.

"Fortunately, fortunately, I didn't catch up."

However, just as he finished speaking, before he breathed a sigh of relief, a slightly cold voice sounded in his ears: "Your speed is not fast enough..."

"What? How could you be so fast!"

Mosquito Taoist shouted and cursed loudly, but then he didn't care much, dragged his seriously injured body again, and continued to run for his life.

"Hehe, Daoist Mosquito, do you want to escape from my palm at your speed? What else can you do? You might as well show it together and let me see it."

Different from Taoist Mosquito's desperate escape, Lin Long hurried on the road as if he was strolling in a courtyard.

The tone of voice when speaking is also flat and composed.

Even though Taoist Mosquito flapped his wings desperately, he couldn't get rid of Lin Long's tarsal-like voice.

"Madman! This lunatic! Did I take your chance or hurt your luck! Why are you chasing me!"

Taoist Mosquito kept cursing in his heart.

Of course, he didn't dare to curse these words, instead he shouted: "Qingmu Dragon God, what happened between you and me today was just a misunderstanding, I don't know your identity, and I don't intend to offend you, if you want to kill me , I can give you all the genius treasures I have collected over the years!"

Buying life with treasures is very common in the wild.

But this kind of thing usually only happens to creatures below the Da Luo realm.

Because once you reach the level of Da Luo, if there is a gap in strength, it may be easy to defeat the opponent, but if you want to kill it, it is absolutely extremely difficult.

After cultivating to Da Luo, everyone has basically comprehended more or less of the law, and it is still no problem to take the opportunity to escape.

Therefore, this is also a rare situation above the realm of Daluo who takes the initiative to take out treasures to pay for his life.

However, Daoist Mosquito had bad luck today and met Lin Long!

Mosquito Taoist's cultivation was at its peak in the middle stage of Da Luo Jinxian, and he was only one step away from entering the late stage of Da Luo Jinxian.

And with his natal supernatural powers, he can also fight against the ordinary Da Luo Jinxian in the later stage.

It's a pity that Lin Longxiu was originally a leader among the late Daluo Jinxian, and he also cultivated both dharma and body, mastered several top laws and supernatural powers, and was basically invincible in the same realm!

Mana, supernatural powers, and rules, there is no shortcoming!

The relatively weak one may be the flesh body.

But even though he was weak, he was still countless times stronger than Taoist Mosquito!

This is an all-round crushing battle!

"Kill you, your genius treasure is also mine!"

Hearing Taoist Mosquito's begging for mercy, Lin Long was unmoved in the slightest. While speaking, his figure approached Taoist Mosquito again.

"Damn it! Aoki Dragon God, for forcing me like this, don't blame me for fighting with you! Don't regret it then!"

Taoist Mosquito saw that the reconciliation could not be achieved, and then a flash of determination flashed in his eyes, he stopped flying towards the sky, but plunged into the North Sea below.

"This guy was beaten stupid by me?"

Looking at this scene, Lin Long couldn't help but frown slightly: "My main body is a dragon, and I'm also a top-level green dragon. I'm not comparable to his race in the water. How could this guy run into the water?"

If something goes wrong, a monster will come out!

Lin Long didn't want to take it too seriously, and immediately chased Taoist Mosquito, while secretly using supernatural powers.

[You used your magical powers to know the future, chased Taoist Mosquito into Beihai, only to find that Taoist Mosquito had taken refuge in Beihai Kunpeng, and Kunpeng was persuaded by Taoist Mosquito to join forces to fight you]

Although he didn't know why Kunpeng was persuaded by Taoist Mosquito, Lin Long did not hesitate to speculate on the outcome of the battle.

After all, safety comes first.

[You used your supernatural powers to know the future, and did not choose to leave, but fought with Kunpeng and Mosquito Taoist, and you won]

Seeing such a result, Lin Long felt relieved, and continued to chase Taoist Mosquito without hesitation.

Since Kunpeng dares to intervene, let's kill them together!

At this moment, Daoist Mosquito plunged headlong into the deepest part of the North Sea and yelled frantically: "Kunpeng! Save my life! I can give you what you want!"


		