

As Lao Tzu succeeded in beheading the corpse, this scene immediately attracted the attention of the rest of the living beings in the hall.

"I killed the corpse!"

After Hongjun finished his sermon, all the creatures in the hall were secretly guessing who among the people on the futon would be the first to behead the corpse!

Anyone can see that the few people sitting on the futon are the most powerful people in the prehistoric world, and they are destined to be the strongest group.

A few of them will surely be able to kill the corpse successfully, the difference lies in who comes first.

Being able to kill the corpse earlier proves that the foundation is the most solid and the cultivation base is stronger.

Now that Laozi took the lead in beheading the corpse, does it mean that Laozi is the strongest under the saint?

Before they could react, Yuanshi Tianzun and Tongtian cut off the corpse together!

The two of them, like Lao Tzu, did not cut out the good and evil corpses, but cut up their own corpses first!

After they successfully chopped off the corpse, everyone looked at the other people on the futon in unison.

However, everyone waited for a while, only to find that although Nuwa Fuxi and Hongyun were constantly exuding Dao charm, there was no sign of beheading their corpses.

"What's the matter with these few? After so long, there is no movement at all."

You Da Neng couldn't bear his temper, and muttered.

"Could it be lack of talent?"

"That's right, no matter what, Sanqing was transformed by Pan Gu's primordial spirit, and his talent must be higher than that of ordinary prehistoric creatures."

"Hehe, Nuwa and Fuxi couldn't bear Sanqing's head when they preached in Zixiao Palace last time. I'm afraid Fengshui will take turns this time."

Thinking of Nuwa Fuxi's tyrannical posture when she gave a sermon in Zixiao Palace last time, all living beings sighed endlessly.

Soon, after Sanqing beheaded the corpses, all of them stabilized their realm. After feeling the quasi-sage's strength, Yuanshi looked at Nuwa and the others.

"Hmph, after all, you are a person who cannot be educated. Even if the Taoist ancestor preached in person, he would not be able to comprehend it!"

He was so suppressed by Nu Wa before, but this time his three brothers took the lead in beheading the corpse, which made Yuanshi Tianzun feel that he had regained his face.

Lao Tzu didn't speak at the side, but continued to try, trying to cut out the other two corpses. However, no matter how hard he tried, he still failed.

"Forget it, the opportunity has not come, so I can't force it."

I can only accept this result and comfort myself.

As for Tongtian, he showed doubts.

He didn't have any bad feelings towards Nuwa and the others. After all, there was no good or evil in the prehistoric world, they just had different positions.

Seeing that Nuwa and the others showed no sign of beheading the corpse, Tongtian couldn't help but frowned and muttered: "It shouldn't be like this. Looking at Nuwa Fuxi's footsteps before, beheading the corpse shouldn't be a difficult task for them. "

After Tongtian's voice fell, Yuanshi Tianzun couldn't help snorting, and said, "Humph, what's impossible? Yinghuo is just a Yinghuo after all, how can it compete with Haoyue? Even if there is any opportunity before, you can only Just show off your prestige for a while!"

The meaning of his words is not difficult to understand, it is nothing more than ridiculing that Nuwa was able to suppress herself before because of the opportunity.

Now ten thousand years have passed, and I have made up for and surpassed Nuwa with my extraordinary talent.

She, Nuwa, is not as good as my Yuanshi Tianzun after all!

Yuan Shi's voice was not loud, but it was enough to be heard by all living beings in the hall.

His words were indeed recognized by the rest of the creatures.

After all, the facts are in front of us.

"Pangu authentic is Pangu authentic after all."

"Yes, even though the reputation is not good, the foundation is indeed deep and solid."

"It seems that these three were the first to cut out all three corpses."

"With the blessing of Pan Gu's legacy, it's not uncommon for these three to become saints in the future."

The powerful people in the hall talked a lot, and they were very optimistic about Sanqing's future.

Yuanshi Tianzun also had a complacent look on his face when he heard such discussions.

Ever since I was slapped in the face by the dragon tribe because of Lin Long in ancient times, I haven't heard such praise for a long time.

This made Yuanshi, who has always had a good face, feel so refreshed!

However, at this moment!

In a corner of the main hall of Zixiao Palace, two bursts of aura unexpectedly exploded again!

"Who?"

Everyone hurriedly turned their heads to look.

"It turned out to be these two guys!"

Seeing the two people bursting out, everyone's faces were filled with disbelief.

Because it is not other people who arouse this breath, but the guide and quasi-mention from the west!

The last time Zixiao Palace gave a lecture, these two guys were scared by the Cyanwood Dragon God and shrank into the corner, not even daring to show their heads. The great powers have long despised these two guys from the west.

He even secretly regarded these two guys as transparent people and excluded them.

But at this moment, no one thought that these two unpopular guys in the West were actually the second batch of monks who broke through the realm of Daluo after Pangu's authentic Sanqing!

Because they could all see that the aura of Jieyin and Zhunti was the same as that of Sanqing, it was clearly the prelude to beheading the corpse!

"These two guys in the West are really not simple!"

"I underestimated them before."

"If there was no Aoki Dragon God present last time, these two guys might be qualified to sit on the front futon!"

Everyone's attention was focused on Yingying and Zhunti.

I saw a figure in both of them, struggling to break free.

However, no matter how hard the two tried, this figure just couldn't escape from the main body.

This kind of situation immediately sweated the anxious palms of the powerful people who were watching the theater next to them.

"What are these two guys doing? Since they are already able to kill the corpse, why don't they release the corpse?"

"It seems that they are lacking the spiritual treasure to cut corpses..."

I don't know who muttered something, and now everyone came to their senses, and looked at the second shame of the West with strange expressions.

Good guy, I heard that the West is poor before, and everyone thought it was a rumor, but now it seems that this is true!

The only two powerful beings who gathered the power of the West to reach Zixiao Palace didn't even have a single innate spiritual treasure on their bodies!

This can no longer be said to be poor, it is simply... poor!

Those who hear it are sad and those who see it cry.

"puff……"

Jieyin and Zhunti, who were sweating profusely in a hurry, were already impatient, but now hearing everyone's murmurs, the two were even more anxious, and couldn't help but spit out a mouthful of blood.

In the end, he still failed to kill the corpse.

However, if this is the case, everyone will no longer underestimate these two people.

After all, their talents are here.

In the void, Lin Long chuckled and shook his head secretly.

If they hadn't searched for Jieyin and Zhunti time and time again, these two guys wouldn't be unable to take out even an innate spirit treasure.

However, if you make a mistake, you will be punished after all. These two guys dared to rob me at the beginning, so of course I have to punish in due course.

Zhunti's body is a bodhi tree, so it cannot be used to kill a corpse, otherwise, a treasure can be gathered.

Following the outburst of Jieyin and Zhunti's aura and then subsided, in the hall, Dijun, Taiyi, Styx and other top powers also burst into aura, sacrificed their spirit treasures, and beheaded their corpses one after another.

In the main hall, there are many visions, one after another.

Until most of the great powers in the hall had successfully beheaded their corpses, Nuwa Fuxi and Hongyun on the futon still remained silent.

Seeing this situation, the voices of criticism from the rest of the living beings in the hall towards the few people became louder and louder.

"With such qualifications, what qualifications do you have to sit on that futon?"

"That's right, if it wasn't for the Aoki Dragon God, I'm afraid they didn't even have the qualifications to sit on the futon before!"

"The Taoist ancestor didn't seem to say that futons can't be fought over!"

As they broke through to quasi-sages and further increased their strength, it seemed that Lin Long's deterrent effect on them also became smaller.

However, just when all the great powers were eager to try and muttered, the breaths of Fuxi, Nuwa and Hongyun burst out suddenly!

The tyrannical aura almost staggered all the powerful people in the hall.

"This is……"

A group of great powers followed the aura, and suddenly discovered that two figures came out of the bodies of Fuxi, Nuwa and Hongyun respectively!

Afterwards, all three sacrificed the Lingbao together!

Almost instantly, a coercion that completely overwhelmed everyone in the hall appeared on several people.

At this time, everyone's eyes widened and they came back to their senses.

"Here, they cut out two corpses at once!"

"So it's not that they can't kill corpses, but they are saving!"


With the voice of everyone's discussion, Yuanshi Tianzun's face became extremely ugly.

The words that he felt extremely useful in the main hall just now turned into resounding slaps, slapping him hard on the face.

However, things are not over yet!


		