

In the Dragon God Hall, Tiandao and Lin Long looked at each other.

After introducing the situation of Hongjun and Luohu, Tiandao stopped talking.

Lin Long was thinking secretly in his heart.

Luo Hu and Hongjun joined forces, and their strength also increased greatly.

It made Lin Long think of a possibility.

This kind of thing has not happened in the prehistoric world now, but it is not uncommon among the immortal cultivators of later generations.

It is often mentioned in novels.

That is obsession!

Once a cultivator becomes enchanted, his strength will increase greatly.

But at the same time, one's Dao heart will also be polluted, and thus gradually controlled by one's own demons.

Daozu Hongjun was possessed by himself?

The corners of Lin Long's eyes twitched.

Good guy, this is because I played with my mentality to collapse.

But this kind of thing is just my own guess right now, and I can't be sure yet.

Besides, Daozu became a demon, and he is not sure whether he is the same as ordinary practitioners.

How to say that Hongjun's predecessor was also a Chaos Demon God, even if he faced the same Demon Ancestor Luohu, he should not be really swallowed up.

No matter what, these are just Lin Long's guesses now, and everything is still uncertain.

"It shouldn't be that simple for them to regain control of the Dao of Heaven. Now that the three Dao of the Great Desolate Heaven, Earth and Man have been perfected, can you still be swallowed by them again and fall into a deep sleep?"

Tiandao's expression remained calm, as if he had nothing to do with him.

"The three ways of prehistoric heaven, earth and man have indeed been perfected, and it is impossible to forcibly devour the three ways of heaven, earth and man."

"But it's not completely impossible. Now that the prehistoric human race has multiplied to a certain extent, the trial of the human race will soon be ushered in."

"Through the trials, the human race will become the real protagonists of the world."

"However, if it fails, the operation of the three realms of heaven, earth and man will be affected to some extent. Luo Hu and Hongjun will probably take this opportunity to control me again."

Tiandao didn't hide anything, Lin Long nodded, and understood what Tiandao meant.

Just listen to Tiandao and continue.

"I can't intervene in this matter. All saints and creatures above the realm of Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian will not interfere with this matter, otherwise humanity will respond, and the trial will continue to repeat."

Compared with the Dao of Heaven, the Dao of Humanity has not yet awakened, it is like a machine that operates with precision and cannot tolerate any mistakes.

Lin Long stood up slowly and walked to the gate of the Dragon Temple.

"That means that Luo Hu Hongjun and I can't get off in person, we can only let the people under him do it?"

Tiandao nodded.

Lin Long turned his head and looked at Tiandao.

"The Dao of Heaven should have the quota of saints."

"Every creature in the world can be sanctified, but it must have a great opportunity, great fortune, and great merit."

In fact, there has never been a saying that Honghuang Tiandi can only accommodate seven saints. The reason for saying this is that Hongjun wants to make it easier for him to control Honghuang.

But right now, the way of heaven is perfect, and all creatures in the wild can be sanctified.

It's just that even if this conditional restriction is opened, there are still very few creatures who can become holy.

It's not that there are too many saints.

"Sanqing and Zhunti Jieyin should have obtained the primordial purple energy, why not find a chance to sanctify them."

Once sanctified, one cannot directly intervene in the affairs of the human race.

At present, except for Sanqing and Zhunti who are able to guide and guide these great powers, his disciples Sanxiao and Zhao Gongming are not afraid of anyone.

Looking back at Hongjun and Luo Hu, it must be very difficult to support creatures who can interfere in the chess game.

I took the upper hand invisibly.

Lin Long already had an idea in his mind.

Helping the human race through this test, Hongjun and Luo Hu can rest for a while longer, and they may even be seized by themselves to deal with it in one fell swoop.

Of course, if you fail, all your previous efforts will be in vain.

Hongjun and Luohu are likely to control the way of heaven again.

"After all, it is the Chaos Demon God, who seized the opportunity again without paying attention."

"Okay, I know about this matter, and I will take care of things over there."

"However, you have to express yourself."

Lin Long looked at Tiandao.

I don't have the habit of helping others to work for nothing.

Even this time, there are reasons for self-preservation, but in the final analysis, Tiandao found himself.

To put it bluntly, if I really run away with my current cultivation base, Luo Hu and Hongjun will have nothing to do with me.

Tiandao frowned: "I don't understand what you mean."

Lin Long couldn't help curling his lips.

"Good thing, I can't help you work for nothing."

Heaven is silent.

"Before Hongjun was severely injured, some Hongmeng purple energy was born in my hands."

Between Tiandao's backhand, more than a dozen wisps of primordial purple energy appeared in his hand.

The primordial purple qi that the prehistoric creatures dream of and only wants to get is here with Lin Long and Tiandao, but it seems that they don't want money.

"What do I need that for?"

Lin Long looked disgusted.

Hongmeng Ziqi needed it before because Nuwa needed it.

Nuwa is the holy mother of the human race, and she can't walk the Hunyuan Avenue at all.

In order for Nuwa not to be controlled by Hongjun, this is why she got a ray of Hongmeng Ziqi in Tiandao.

This day, Tiandao really thought that this was a good thing for him, and he made a deal with him if he wanted to get some primordial purple energy.

What a beautiful thing to think.

"No, no, I don't like this thing taking up space for me. I have to think about something else, otherwise there is no need to discuss this matter."

Lin Long folded his arms, frowned slightly, and looked at Tiandao.

Tian Dao, who was omnipotent for a while, was stumped by Lin Long.

For Lingbao? Lin Long has the Qiankun Cauldron, so he can refine the Xiantian Lingbao himself.

And Lin Long himself does not lack spirit treasures.

For the cultivation base, Lin Long's cultivation base is higher than his own.

Given luck, Lin Long's eyes hurt under the guise of the Dao Qi luck behind his head.

I suspect that you, Lin Long, are embarrassing me! ! !

In the end, under Lin Long's gesture, Tiandao pulled out a small wisp of his own origin of Tiandao.

"It's a good use."

The origin of the way of heaven is also the origin of the prehistoric.

Lin Long wants this thing, of course it has its own great use.

The Chaos Orb is gradually perfected, and its internal world is also constantly evolving.

If a will like the Dao of Heaven can be cultivated in the Chaos Orb world, maybe the Chaos Orb can be further repaired.

But the birth of Tiandao Dao is very mysterious.

I didn't know that the will to be born by the Chaos Orb alone would have to wait until the Year of the Monkey, so I simply found such a way.

With a ray of will from heaven as a guide, maybe the world of Chaos Orb can speed up the birth of will.

Once the Chaos Orb is completely repaired, his strength can be improved a lot!

Satisfied, he sent away the Heavenly Dao, and Lin Long began to study the will of the world and the Chaos Orb.

However, as soon as he sat down, Lin Long showed a playful smile again.

"There are really enough acquaintances here today."

"Hongjun, Luohu, since we're here, don't hide, we are old acquaintances."

Lin Long said lightly.


		