

In the prehistoric world, many powerful people know that ten thousand years ago, the dragon god and Daozu Hongjun competed for the control of the prehistoric world, leading to the three ways of heaven, earth and man.

But humanity needs to rely on the human race to exist after all, so humanity has never really appeared in these years.

Many prehistoric powers think that the human way is only hidden in the luck of the human race, and will not appear like the way of heaven.

But today, everyone realized that they were wrong, and they were very wrong.

The way of humanity is awakened, and its power is no less than that of the way of heaven.

"Who on earth offended humanity?"

Countless powerful people projected their divine thoughts over there one after another.

At this time, in the Fuxi tribe, Guang Chengzi knelt on the ground, the previous arrogance completely disappeared, and it was replaced by trembling and endless fear.

Dazed by anger just now, facing danger at this time, Guang Chengzi finally realized that he wanted to attack the destined emperor of the human race! ! !

This time, I am afraid that I am really dead.

But in the face of death, Guang Chengzi was not reconciled.

"Master, save me!!!"

Under the pressure of humanity, Guang Chengzi struggled to take out the jade talisman in his arms, and crushed it!

Kunlun Mountain, Yuxu Palace.

Yuanshi Tianzun frowned.

"This scoundrel!"

Even if Guang Chengzi didn't crush the jade talisman, Yuanshi Tianzun already knew about it.

The appearance of humanity is a great event, as a saint, how could he not pay attention.

When Yuanshi Tianzun made a calculation just now, he almost lost his anger.

Asking Guang Chengzi to promote Chanjiao in the human race, this guy almost promoted Chanjiao as a cult!

Let him earn merit in the human race. Now, he didn't earn merit, but he was contaminated with karma!

What kind of idiot is this? How could he choose the most wrong one among all the correct answers?

But no matter how angry he was, Guang Chengzi was still the disciple of Yuanshi Tianzun, and if Guang Chengzi made a mistake, he had to deal with it by himself, and it didn't matter what happened if he was dealt with humanely.

Even if he couldn't keep his disciples, what would Honghuang think of himself as a saint in the future?


In the Fuxi tribe, the sense of humanity has all descended into Fuxi's body at this time.

With the help of Fuxi's physical body, humanity completely appeared in the prehistoric.

"Knowing the destiny, intentionally attacking the emperor of the human race, this crime should be punished!"

Fuxi, or humanity, spoke slowly, but every word was like a heavy hammer, hammering Guangchengzi's heart.

Unlike the majestic power of the Dao of Heaven, when facing the Dao of Humanity, it is like facing hundreds of millions of human races at the same time.

At this moment, Guang Chengzi felt that he was being rejected by the entire human race. Against him, he seemed to be a sinner accused by thousands of people, so he lowered his head involuntarily in shame.

Fuxi slowly raised his hand, and slowly grabbed Guang Chengzi's head.

This movement is very slow.

Guangchengzi was extremely terrified, but no matter how much he wanted to escape, he couldn't move even half a centimeter.

At the very moment, a figure appeared in front of Guang Chengzi.

This figure exudes the power of heaven and confronts humanity.

Guang Chengzi suddenly felt that the pressure on his body became much less, and his consciousness could control his body again.

Looking up, the person who came was his master, Yuanshi sage.

"Master!"

"Shut up! You villain!"

Yuan Shi didn't want to say a word with Guang Chengzi at the moment.

I even began to have some doubts in my heart, whether my decision to only focus on qualifications and footwork was wrong.

As long as Guang Chengzi's disposition is better, how could things come to this point today.

"Heavenly Saint? Do you want to shield sinners?"

"He deliberately abolished the emperor of the human race and must be punished!"

After all, the way of humanity is formed by countless human races. Compared with the way of heaven, the consciousness seems to be clearer.

Yuanshi Tianzun frowned and stood in front of Guangchengzi.

"Although Guang Chengzi is guilty, he was impulsive. I will punish this evil person myself, and I will do it myself."

As a sage of heaven, even if you are humane, you still have to buy some face. If it is an ordinary creature who dares to block humaneness, you will disappear together in minutes.

However, buying face is buying face, but humanity itself is higher than saints.

Today's Guang Chengzi has touched the limit of human nature, which cannot be tolerated!

Therefore, seeing Yuanshi Tianzun determined to stop him, Humanity immediately stopped talking nonsense, and a more terrifying aura erupted from Fuxi!

Yuan Shi's complexion changed drastically!

He didn't expect Humanity to not give the slightest bit of face, just do it if he said it!

When facing humanity, Yuanshi didn't dare to be careless, and hurriedly summoned two clones of himself, surrounded by the power of heaven, trying to resist humanity.

"Humph!"

Humanity snorted coldly!

Immediately, Yuan Shi flew upside down as if he had been hit hard!

"As a sage of the Dao of Heaven, derived from the Dao of Heaven, he should be punished for doing something that violates the Three Dao!"

At this moment, Hong Huang had countless great powers watching the situation here.

Originally thought that there would be a big battle between Humanity and Yuanshi.

The fight between the will of humanity and the saint is definitely a great event in the wild.

I don't know what kind of darkness to fight.

But this is just the beginning, when Yuanshi faced humanity, he didn't even have the slightest power to resist!

A sense of fear rose from the hearts of the prehistoric creatures.

The power of humanity has a direct relationship with the human race.

The stronger the human race, the stronger humanity will be.

Today's humanity is obviously no less than the existence of heaven, so to what extent has the overall strength of the human race reached?

In the void, Lin Long looked at such a tyrannical human, with a smile on his face.

"It seems that I haven't been lazy all these years."

With the meticulous teaching of Lao Tzu, a sage, the human race has long been no longer the weak race in the impression of the prehistoric people.

Not to mention too much, there are no fewer than dozens of strong men in the Da Luo realm in the ancestral land of the human race.

This is actually not a lot for any race in the wild.

You must know that the human race has only been ten thousand years since its birth.

In ten thousand years, dozens of Daluo Jinxians can be cultivated.

This speed can no longer be described as terrifying.

It shows how hard Lao Tzu worked to earn merit.

Before the human race, it would take hundreds of thousands of years for any creature to become a Da Luo Jinxian.

This time can only be shortened unless one is extremely talented, supported by enough natural materials and earth treasures, or is a cheater like Lin Long.

But the human race relied on this terrifying base number, and without any natural talents and earth treasures, they just gave birth to these dozens of geniuses!

At this time, all the powerful people who had deduced the strength of the human race were all stunned.

"Human race, it's so strong now!"

Some powerful people who previously regarded the human race as ants were afraid for a while.

"Fortunately, I have been retreating all these years, and I haven't done anything outrageous to the human race."

"Pass my order, from now on, act in the wilderness, don't offend the human race again, try to make friends with them!"

The promotion of the human race is related to the luck of the human race. As the holy father of the human race, Lin Long felt the change immediately.

"This luck is strong enough, but it's a pity that I'm not a sage of heaven, otherwise I will soon reach Hunyuan Wuji Luo Jinxian with this luck alone."

It's useless to keep it by myself, so I simply married the qi transfer to Taoist Mosquito's avatar.

In the depths of the sea of ​​blood, Daoist Mosquito had a clever body, his breath began to change constantly, and there was a faint layer of holy charm on his body.

Lin Long continued to pay attention to the situation of Yuanshi and Humanity.

"Looking at the current situation, Yuan Shi is not a humane opponent at all. If he accidentally kills Yuan Shi, it will be troublesome."

"Once a sage dies, the way of heaven will be damaged, and it is easy for Hongjun to take advantage of it. Forget it, before Yuanshi dies, let's stop it."

Lin Long thought for a moment, and finally made a decision.


		