

【Through refinement and comprehension of the innate formation, you have a little understanding, comprehend the law of space 1%】

This is the 100th year that Lin Long sat down to comprehend the Xiantian Formation.

In fact, it is not difficult to crack the formation, as long as you understand the general principle of the formation, and then use mana to gradually break the restrictions in it, you can refine the formation.

The innate formation he has comprehended now has ninety-nine and eighty-one restrictions, and he has only comprehended one in a hundred years.

The reason why he was so slow was also because his cultivation base was too low. The cultivation base of a true immortal could not even be regarded as an ant in the prehistoric world.

And the progress of this kind of refining and prohibition has no tricks. Fortunately, this place is not easy to find, and no one has disturbed it for a hundred years.

With the refining and cracking of the first restriction, the long-lost reminder also emerged from his mind again.

【Through refinement and comprehension of the innate formation, you have a little understanding, comprehend the law of space 1%】

"Sure enough, this innate formation contains the unpredictable power of space, so I comprehended the law of space through refining this first restriction."

In these years, Lin Long has not only been comprehending the restriction, he has also pondered a lot about himself.

Ever since he first traveled to the wilderness, he felt that the hints that appeared in his mind were too coincidental.

Shrunk down to comprehend the supernatural powers of size and size, and after flying, comprehended Yufengliuyun, and the various gains that were comprehended later were basically related to what he was doing.

And this comprehension of the law of space has also verified his conjecture.

Thinking of this, Lin Long couldn't help but rejoice that the Dao hadn't dissipated completely when he crossed, allowing himself, an outsider, to receive the annotations and blessings of the Dao, thus improving his understanding.

It's just that the so-called Dao will gradually dissipate as Pan Gu opens up the sky, and I don't know when it will disappear completely.

"The so-called Great Dao is too far away. For me now, enter Sanxian Island first, and then we can talk about safety!"

Lin Long shook off his thoughts without stopping, and once again immersed himself in the state of refining the formation.

Time flies, and the prehistoric times do not remember the years.

【Through refining and comprehending the innate formation, you have realized a little bit, and realized the great supernatural power: the great alchemy technique】

[You have gained a little understanding through refining and comprehending the innate formation, and the proficiency of the law of space has increased to 2%]

I don't know how long it has passed, Lin Long, who was immersed in the refining formation, suddenly saw the prompt in his mind, and let out a long breath.

"The Great Treasure Refining Technique includes all the methods of refining magic weapons in the prehistoric world. Not only that, but it can also improve my understanding of various treasures and the process of refining."

Lin Long nodded in satisfaction, but then he reacted again: "No, according to past experience, the magical powers I have comprehended are basically related to the ongoing affairs, and it is understandable to improve the proficiency of the law of space. After all, this is an innate formation, but this great treasure refining technique... Could it be that this formation is not just a formation, but also a treasure?"

At this moment, before this innate formation, he felt the grand and vast aura of the formation: "Generally speaking, the formations in the wild are formations, and the magic weapons are magic weapons. Only a very small number of magic weapons can form formations on their own. Fa, could it be that I got it this time?"

There is a big difference between forming a self-contained formation and arranging formations with magic weapons.

Among them, the self-contained formation means that the magic weapon itself is a grand formation, and the arrangement of the formation with the magic weapon refers to using the magic weapon as the eye of the formation to fix the aura of the world and forcibly increase the strength of the formation.

Judging from Lin Long's current experience, this great formation covering Immortal Island might really be a treasure of its own.

"It's a big profit. It seems that this formation must be refined as soon as possible. I want to see what kind of treasure this formation is!"

Lin Long is even more excited at this moment, because he understands what this self-contained treasure means.

This kind of thing, at least the starting level, is an innate treasure!

Sure enough, after he comprehended the Great Alchemy Technique, the speed of refining the restriction also increased a lot, and as his proficiency in the Great Alchemy gradually increased, the speed of refining the restriction also became faster and faster.

Originally, it took him a hundred years to refine a restriction, but now it is estimated that he can successfully refine a restriction in no more than ten years.

"According to this speed, it won't take long to refine all the restrictions, and I am getting more and more proficient in the great alchemy technique, and this time will be shortened!"


[You have gained a little understanding through refining and comprehending the innate formation, and the proficiency of the law of space has risen to 3%]

【Through refinement and comprehension of the innate formation, you have realized a little bit, and you have comprehended the supernatural power: the law of heaven and earth】

boom--

Three hundred years later, Lin Long finally refined half of the restraints, and he has initially mastered this formation!

With a thought, the formation shrank accordingly, and a gap appeared in it, and Lin Long jumped into it in a blink of an eye.

"Safety comes first, it's always not safe outside, it's better to refine inside!"

He has already refined half of the restrictions, and he can initially control this formation, or in other words, this magic weapon.

And by shrinking the formation, he also successfully comprehended the supernatural power of Fa Tianxiang Earth.

This supernatural power is extremely powerful, and can shrink and enlarge the body at will. It is somewhat similar to the size of Ruyi, one of the thirty-six celestial gangs, but the difference is that the size of Ruyi's enlarged body has the same power as the original body. same.

On the other hand, looking at the law, the sky and the earth, as the body grows bigger, the strength of the whole body also grows.

The difference between the two lies in this.

"Now I have a little sense of security, but it's not enough. Only after the formation is completely refined, can it be considered truly safe!"

Without hesitation, Lin Long continued to refine the formation.

[You have gained a little understanding through comprehension and refinement of the innate formation, and the proficiency of the law of space has risen to 4%]

[You have realized a little bit through comprehension and refinement of innate formations, and you have comprehended 1% of the laws of formations]

A reminder appeared in his mind, but Lin Long was not surprised.

According to his speculation, he should have comprehended the law of formation when he came into contact with this formation, and it has been delayed for hundreds of years, which is considered slow.

If any local creatures in the prehistoric world knew what he was thinking, they would definitely vomit blood!

You must know that the cultivation of the formation method does not happen overnight, and in the prehistoric world, time is the least valuable thing, it can take tens of thousands of years at every turn, and those powerful figures start from retreat for millions of years.

It took hundreds of years to comprehend the law of formation, and it was almost impossible to add.

"Hurry up, there are still the last ten restrictions!"

Lin Long let out a long breath, and buried himself in the refinement.

A series of hints came to mind.

Finally, after hundreds of years, the last restriction was completely refined!

And Lin Long finally got a glimpse of this formation, or the whole picture of this treasure!

"Damn, my luck is really so good?"

Looking at the thing in front of him, Lin Long opened his mouth wide in surprise, his face full of disbelief!


		