

As soon as the incarnation of Tiandao left, before Lin Long could sit down, he felt another breath.

However, compared to the majestic aura of Tiandao, this new aura seems a bit chaotic.

There is not only the Dao rhyme of Taoist creatures, but also a trace of demonic energy mixed in it.

It was even because Lin Long was already following the Chaos Demon God.

There is also a hint of Chaos Demon God's breath in the breath, which is simply a hodgepodge.

So you don't have to guess and know who is coming.

Sure enough, after Lin Long's voice fell, a figure appeared in the Dragon Temple.

Nowadays, Lin Long seldom closes the Dragon God Realm, so it is not surprising that Hongjun and Luo Hui can find it here.

"Lin Long, stay safe."

Seeing Hong Jun showing his figure, although he was saying hello to Lin Long, Lin Long keenly noticed that when this guy saw him, there was a clear killing intent in his eyes.

This old guy wanted to kill himself.

But the killing intent disappeared in a flash. Obviously, Hongjun didn't want to do it now.

Lin Long chuckled lightly.

"Why did you come out by yourself? I just felt two auras."

As soon as the words fell, half of Hongjun's face suddenly changed, and it was Luo Hu's face.

"Hehe, Lin Long, it's been a long time. I never thought that a little dragon, who was a dragon and a phoenix, could grow to such an extent. Speaking of it, I have to thank you..."

"Enough, it's not for you to talk! Go back!"

In the middle of Luo Hu's words, Hongjun shouted angrily, forcing Luo Hu's words to be suppressed.

Hongjun's expression fluctuated rarely.

Lin Long smiled without saying a word.

The more Hongjun is like this, the more it proves that he has nothing to do with Luo Hu.

Otherwise, just do it directly, why are you still yelling here.

Roaring is a sign of weakness.

Lin Long speculated that Luo Hu should have taken advantage of Hongjun's intrusion and taken away control of part of his body.

However, Hongjun should also have some trump cards. It is not easy for Luo Hu to occupy a part of Hongjun's body.

Hongjun needed strength, and Luo Hu needed a physical body. The two hit it off, and they reached a cooperation.

In fact, it was indeed as Lin Long thought.

As the Taoist ancestor, Hongjun was already very humiliated when he was invaded by the demon ancestor Luohu.

But for the sake of strength, Hongjun could only endure it.

He didn't want to continue to get too much attention from Lin Long on this matter, Hongjun changed the subject.

"Lin Long, I am here this time because I have something to discuss with you."

Lin Long frowned slightly, today was really interesting, he had to discuss with himself one or two.

The way of heaven is like this, and so is Hongjun Luohu.

However, the way of heaven has given the origin of the way of heaven as a benefit, and I don't know what benefits Hongjun and Luo Hu can give.

"Okay, let's talk about it, what agreement can we make between you and me?"

"Hey! It's not between you and him. How can I say that I am also a demon ancestor, you can't ignore me!"

Lin Long rolled his eyes.

"Losers are not qualified to speak."

One sentence from Lin Long left Luo Hu speechless.

"You! You boy, I remember you! Don't fall into my hands, or I will definitely drag your Dao Heart into the Demon Realm!"

Facing the threat from Demon Ancestor Luohu, Lin Long didn't bother to pay attention, and turned his attention to Hongjun again.

Just listen to Hongjun.

"Lin Long, Nuwa listens to you. You let Sanqing and Zhunti become saints. I don't have to pursue the past and invade your Dragon God Realm."

"Stop, stop!"

Lin Long looked at Hongjun, he must have drunk too much.

How many dishes do you drink like this?

Let the past go, and not invade the Dragon God Realm.

He had to be able to do it too.

It seems that Hongjun swelled a little due to the fusion of Luo Hu's power.

If it wasn't for killing me directly without full confidence, I'm afraid it would have already been done.

"Okay, Hongjun, put away your superior attitude."

"You want Sanqing and those two guys in the West to be sanctified, no problem, but don't use the past as a bargaining chip."

"As for the Dragon God Realm, you and I both know that it will be over only if one of us completely bows its head. This battle is unavoidable."

"No matter how many agreements there are, they are just temporary agreements."

"So if you want to be convenient in my line of work, you have to come up with enough benefits."

The other half of Hongjun's face changed again.

"Hehe, how about it, let me say that this guy is not so easy to deal with."

"If you want me to say, let's do it directly, as long as we deal with this kid, and slowly plan to devour the way of heaven."

Luo Hu and Hong Jun conspired loudly, while Lin Long just listened.

That relaxed look seemed to be waiting for the two of them to make a move.

It's a pity that Hongjun is still the same Hongjun, even though he was invaded by the demon ancestor Luohu, his cautious and cautious character has not changed.

Hongjun did not agree to Luo Hu's proposal.

Looking at Lin Long, Hongjun asked in a deep voice, "What conditions do you want?"

"Hehe, it's simple, Hongjun, the Kongtong seal is in your hands."

After the three ways were perfected, Lin Long tried to find the Kongtong seal, the treasure of luck that had passed through the human race.

This thing is born to suppress the luck of the human race.

However, after some deduction by myself, I couldn't find any clues, not even using Inverse to Know the Future.

Immediately, Lin Long knew that Hongjun had obtained this thing in advance.

Without this thing, no matter how many saints the human race has, their combat power is useless, and they all have to obediently go to Huoyun Cave to suppress their luck.

Because of Nuwa's relationship, the human race is their own help, and of course they can't let this happen.

Hongjun narrowed his eyes when he heard the word Kongtongyin.

"You actually know Kongtong Seal."

"Where did you know that?"

Hongjun was a little surprised.

Lin Long shrugged, of course it was impossible to tell Hongjun.

I can never say that I am a time traveler, I know all the famous fairy tales in later generations.

If that is the case, there may be a big storm.

"Just say whether you will give it or not."

"Hongjun, don't hold it here. The Three Ways have already awakened. If you keep pinching the Kongtong seal, you may have feelings for humanity, and you will send down other treasures to help the human race suppress luck."

"When the time comes, you will be punished by humanity."

"Besides, even if the human race has the seal of Kongtong, there are only a few who can reach the strength of a saint. If you agree, there will be five more saints to help you. You will not suffer from this deal."

Luo Hu, who resided in Hongjun's body, gave Lin Long a thumbs up.

"Boy, why don't you mess with me, it's a pity that your eloquence is not a demon ancestor."

Lin Long rolled his eyes again. He didn't realize that this demon ancestor Luohu was still a talker.

Well, maybe it's because I've been shut down for too long and changed my personality.

Hongjun pondered.

Weighing the pros and cons in mind, he looked up at Lin Long.

"Okay, if you don't stop Sanqing and Xixi from establishing a religion and becoming holy, I will hand over the Kongtong seal to you."

A smirk appeared on Lin Long's face.

"make a deal!"


		