

Hearing that he could go to Dragon God Realm, the six-eared macaque jumped up and down excitedly.

This kid has heard of the reputation of the Dragon God Realm in the prehistoric world, but he has been hanging out among the witch clan for these years, and now he is finally going to the holy place in his heart, so he is naturally very happy.

"Brother Lin, I want to go too..."

Nuwa pulled Lin Long's sleeve pitifully and said.

She has always wanted to visit Lin Long's old lair. After all, Brother Lin is an ancient dragon god, and the legend of the Dragon God Realm has always been circulated among the great powers. It is a lie to say that she doesn't want to go.

However, Lin Long shook his head and said, "Now is not the time. After a while, I will take the initiative to let you pass."

The identities of Nuwa Fuxi, Yuanzi of Hongyun Town and others are a bit sensitive. Hongjun, the sixth son, has too many thoughts and is also a suspicious master. If he really brought these few friends of his own in, then when they come out in the future, Hongjun will inevitably have a little more defense against these people.

Lin Long has other arrangements for these people, so they cannot be allowed to enter the Dragon God Realm for the time being.

At least, not before the birth of the Six Sages of Heaven and Earth.

And after the birth of the Six Saints, the Dragon God Realm can show its true face, and I don't have to worry about it anymore.

If Hongjun knew that the three clans that were left behind at the beginning had now developed to rival the entire prehistoric world, it is estimated that this old thing would be ignored and shot directly.

Hearing what Lin Long said, Nuwa's face collapsed, and she said sullenly, "Okay, Brother Lin, you have to take me there then."

"Hehe, since that's the case, fellow Daoist Hongyun and I won't stay any longer."

Zhen Yuanzi and Hong Yun also stood up, and cupped their hands at Lin Long and Nuwa Fuxi.

At this point in the discussion, there is no point in staying any longer.

"I would like to thank fellow Taoists Nuwa and Fuxi for their hospitality over the years, and thank you fellow Taoist Lin Long for preaching."

Nuwa and Fuxi hurriedly returned the salute: "You two fellow Taoists are too polite."


The group parted ways.

Zhen Yuanzi and Hong Yun left alone, and Lin Long took Sanxiao Zhao Gongming and Six Eared Macaque to the North Sea.

As soon as he arrived in the sky above Beihai, a figure greeted him.

"Master Dragon God."

Lin Long's strength became more and more powerful. Even if Kunpeng and Lin Long wanted to hide their master-servant relationship, they no longer needed to address them as fellow daoists. Instead, they naturally called Lin Long Lord Dragon God.

After all, Lin Long is also a figure on par with Daozu.

Kunpeng also went to the sermon this time.

But because of Lin Long, Kunpeng didn't sit on the futon, and many things didn't happen.

Lin Long looked at Kunpeng and asked, "Well, is there anything wrong with the Yaozu Heavenly Court?"

Kunpeng shook his head, and said, "Recently, the demon clan is working on relocating to the small world. This matter is handled by Donghuang Taiyi himself. I am temporarily stationed in Beihai. When I know the Lord is coming, I will come out to greet him."

"Well, not bad."

Lin Long nodded in satisfaction upon hearing this.

Yes, Di Jun moved faster than he thought.

Hongjun started preaching to Honghuang here, but he must have never imagined that his work of dismantling the stage had already begun before he became a saint.

Now just wait for Hongjun to prepare to start the Lich Tribulation.

At that time, Hongjun found out that the witch clan and the monster clan were no longer in Honghuang, so he didn't know what expression he would have.

Without the obstruction of the Wu Clan and the Monster Clan, Duke Dong's character would definitely make the whole prehistoric world full of complaints.

The Eastern Prince was conferred by Hongjun himself, and his reputation will decline further by then.

Let's see how the old six will end up.

"Hehe, this imperial seal cannot be granted by anyone indiscriminately."

Thinking of Hongjun's bewildered expression afterwards, Lin Long almost couldn't help laughing out loud: "Forget it, Kunpeng can go to work first, I just take them back to Dragon God Realm."

Kunpeng nodded, folded his hands and stepped aside.

Beihai Haiyan, Bixiao stepped forward, and opened the entrance to the Dragon God Realm with ease.

Lin Long couldn't help rolling his eyes.

I said before that San Xiao and Zhao Gongming are not allowed to go out.

But now, judging by Bi Xiao's proficiency in this technique, it's obvious that she didn't go out once or twice.

Opening the restricted door, Bi Xiao looked at Lin Long with some complacency.

However, when he turned his head, he found that his eldest sister, second sister, and senior brother Zhao Gongming were all looking at him speechlessly.

Bi Xiao was stunned for a moment, and then she came to her senses, blushing: "Master, Master, I..."

"Hmph, if there is a next time, there will be no punishment!"

Lin Long snorted, and then led several people and the curious six-eared macaque into the Dragon God Realm.

"Wow, Master, this is Dragon God Realm!"

The six-eared macaque had just entered the Dragon God Realm, and stared at everything in front of it.

Over the years, with the nourishment of the Chaos Orb, Sanxian Island has the tendency to grow into a whole continent.

The three fairy islands turned into three peaks.

The fertile soil below it is connected, and spiritual grass and green plants are all over it. Looking around, countless unicorns are sitting and lying in it, and above the sky, giant dragons are circling and phoenixes are flying.

The Daluo Jinxian, which is rare in the outside world, is basically caught here.

Looking at the current Dragon God Realm, Lin Long was also very satisfied.

Turning to look at Sanxiao and Zhao Gongming: "Okay, you guys take your little juniors around and get acquainted with people from the three clans. There are still some things to do as a teacher."

After finishing speaking, Lin Long turned his head to look at the shocked and curious six-eared macaque.

"Follow your senior brothers and sisters to look around. This is the Dragon God Realm. In addition, teach him the way to enter the Dragon God Realm."

"When the master is done with the work at hand, I will summon you and train him personally to see how you have grown in the Wu Clan over the years."

Although Lin Long could see the current state of the six-eared macaque at a glance, as well as the combat power it displayed.

But the character of the monkey cannot be relaxed, just like the ape with a heart, once it relaxes, it will inevitably cause some troubles.

Lin Long didn't want his disciples to cause trouble everywhere like a monkey grandson, without eyesight.

Sun Wukong was only trained as a pawn in later generations, and the six-eared macaque was his disciple who had performed the ceremony of apprenticeship.

Sure enough, when Lin Long said that he wanted to test his own practice, the six-eared macaque restrained his excitement, bowed and said: "Yes, don't worry, Master, I dare not forget to practice at all times."

Lin Long nodded, turned around and flew towards the Dragon Temple.

Back at the Dragon Temple, the gate was slowly closed, and the Qiankun Cauldron that Lin Long blackmailed Hongjun before fell into the hall.

Previously, the Qiankun Ding, which was only the size of a palm, fell into the hall, but now it has completely changed its appearance.

All kinds of mysterious and complicated runes on the body of the tripod, faint traces of golden light can be seen in the bronze patina.

A ray of innate immortality, aura is bred in it.

Lin Long flipped his hands and took out another object.

It was the twenty-four Dinghai God beads that had been prepared long ago.

"With the Qiankun Cauldron and twenty-four sea-fixing orbs, now that I have mastered the supernatural power of reshaping the Dao, it's time to repair the Chaos Orbs."

The Chaos Orb was originally a Chaos Supreme Treasure, but because it was severely injured when it opened the sky, it fell to a lower level.

In the past, Lin Long had been trying to repair the Chaos Orb, but after all, he was short of means.

Now finally all the conditions are collected.

With a thought in Lin Long's mind, the divine fire in the Qiankun Cauldron boiled.

The hot breath melted the surrounding space.

He looked at the twenty-four Dinghaishen beads in his hand.

"It's impossible for the twenty-four heavens in the west to appear, so let's turn into my Dragon God Great Thousand World."

After finishing speaking, Lin Long threw twenty-four Dinghai God beads into the Qiankun Cauldron without hesitation.

In an instant, the situation in the Dragon God Hall changed rapidly. Twenty-four Dinghai God Beads kept colliding in the furnace, but they were restrained by the Qiankun Cauldron and could not break free.


		