

Everyone thought that Nuwa was standing up for Fuxi, but now that Lao Tzu said that he would take the place of Yuanshi and admit defeat, the matter should be over, but Nuwa said something about Brother Lin, which made all the great powers stand still in place again.

"Nu Wa actually called that young man Big Brother?"

"I haven't noticed before, who is sitting on the futon? He is sitting at the top. Could it be that he is the first to come here?"

"The power related to Lin Zi? Hong Huang has never heard of such a person? Could it be some hidden power?"

"Looking at how close Nuwa is to her, it must be a very shallow relationship."

A group of powerful people speculated about the identity of the young man who was close to Nu Wa.

Lin Long's name in the Qingmu Dragon God of the Dragon Clan resounded throughout the prehistoric world, but not many people knew Lin Long's real name and had seen Lin Long.

At this moment, Yuanshi had already returned to his place, and just about to sit down on the futon, Fuxi suddenly spoke.

"Wait, Yuanshi, since you have already lost to my little sister, why are you still ashamed to sit back on that futon?"

"You! Fuxi, what do you mean!"

Yuan Shi, who had already felt ashamed enough, was stopped by Fuxi at this time, his face was so gloomy that he almost dripped water.

It's a pity that Fuxi didn't care about Yuanshi's annoyance at all, so he heard him slowly say: "Yuanshi, since you took the initiative to discuss with my sister, and now you lost, shouldn't that futon be given up?"

Nuwa's eyes lit up.

That's right, why didn't I think of it before?

Although there are still a few futons left in front, they are still a little far away from Lin Long.

Wouldn't it be better if we could be closer to Brother Lin?

Nu Wa immediately said: "Brother is right, Yuan Shi, since you lost this discussion, then you should give up the futon!"

Yuan Shi's chest heaved violently in anger: "You are deceiving people too much!"

If it wasn't because he couldn't beat him, Yuan Shi would have to do it directly at this moment.

All the powerful people outside Zixiao Palace looked like they were watching a show.

"This time Yuanshi's face has been completely trampled to the end."

"Hehe, I really didn't expect Nuwa of Buzhou Mountain to be so powerful."

"I don't know what choice Sanqing will make? Is it to calm down, or to fight?"

All the great experts have speculated.

Seeing that Yuan Shi was about to lose his anger, Lao Tzu finally spoke from the side.

"Okay, second brother, third brother, let's change positions."

Lao Tzu stood up from the futon and moved back.

Seeing that Lao Tzu had already spoken, Yuan Shi could only grit his teeth and swallow his breath no matter how unwilling he was.

It's not that he doesn't know what Lao Tzu thinks.

If they really do it, Fuxi and Nuwa are definitely not Sanqing's opponents.

But the problem is, there is a Lin Long who is watching covetously beside him.

Not to mention one-on-one, even if Sanqing fights together, it may not be Lin Long's opponent alone.

The strength of this guy ten thousand years ago is no longer what he can deal with now.

The ridicule is the ridicule, and Sanqing is not weak at all when he is afraid of Lin Long.

Seeing Laozi dodging, Nuwa sat down beside Lin Long without any hesitation.

"Brother Lin, look at how my cultivation is doing now."

Nuwa's coquettish tone made the eyes of all the powerful people outside the hall almost drop to the ground.

Good guy, this is completely different from when we fought with Yuan Shi just now.

Lin Long smiled and touched Nuwa's head.

"The cultivation base has indeed improved a lot, and the use of the power of creation has become more and more skillful. It seems that you have not been lazy all these years."

Hearing Lin Long's praise, Nu Wa proudly raised her head, with a proud look: "Of course, my current cultivation level is only half a step away from the perfection of Daluo Jinxian."

In the distance, Yuanshi Tianzun looked at Nuwa and Lin Long who were talking and laughing, and gritted his teeth in hatred.

"This matter is not over, and I and Sanqing are not so easy to bully."

"Okay, second brother, we are here to listen to the sermon, so don't cause trouble."

Lao Tzu sighed, seeing Yuan Shi's expression, he naturally knew what Yuan Shi was thinking, so he couldn't help reminding him immediately.

No matter how angry Yuan Shi was, when he heard Lao Tzu's words at this time, he could only swallow it sullenly.

In the prehistoric world, a group of well-known powerful people also rushed to Zixiao Palace one after another.

Such as Dijun, Taiyi, Twelve Ancestral Witches, Xuehai Styx, Zhenyuanzi, Hongyun.

Lin Long looked at these powerful beings who were more or less related to him from the corner of his eye, with a smile on his face.

"Brother Lin Long?"

Suddenly, Hong Yun noticed Lin Long's existence.

Hong Yun was straightforward and said Lin Long's name directly.

In an instant, the attention of all the great powers gathered on Lin Long again.

"Fellow Daoist, why do you come here to listen to the sermon? With your cultivation base, you shouldn't need it."

Seeing that Hong Yun, who had no handle on his mouth, wanted to continue talking, Zhen Yuanzi coughed lightly: "Hong Yun."

Only then did Hong Yun realize that he had exposed Lin Long's name, and immediately bowed and saluted, apologetic: "Fellow Daoist, I'm sorry, I didn't mean it."

Lin Long smiled calmly: "It's okay, it's just a Taoist name, there is no need to hide it."

Now Lin Long is not the Lin Long who just came to Honghuang in the past.

Now, he is the real top power of Honghuang.

Although you don't need to be high-profile, you don't need to deliberately hide yourself.

After exchanging a few pleasantries, Hongyun also found a futon near the front and sat down.

Seeing that Hong Yun had already sat on the futon, Zhen Yuanzi sat down on the futon behind Hong Yun.

Coincidentally, Fuxi and Zhen Yuanzi also thought the same, and sat cross-legged behind Nuwa.

Now, all the six futons in Zixiao Palace have owners.

Lin Long, Nuwa, Hongyun, Sanqing!

Although there was no commotion among the few people talking, there was Nuwa Fuxi in the front and Zhenyuanzi Hongyun in the back.

In addition, Sanqing was quite afraid of Lin Long. In the hall, Lin Long had vaguely become the focus of everyone's attention, and they all speculated about Lin Long's real identity.

Lin Long naturally noticed these powerful gazes, but at his level, he naturally would not pay attention to other people's thoughts.

Not far away, the Twelve Ancestral Witches had also entered the main hall at this time. After seeing Lin Long, they immediately wanted to come to pay homage.

Lin Long immediately sent a voice transmission: "The identity of the witch god should not be publicized, just listen to the sermon with peace of mind, and there is no need to meet the ceremony."

Just kidding, Nuwa Hongyun came over to chat, these great powers of Honghuang were just personal friends, if the Wu clan bowed down, it would be really lively.

"Hey! Look! It's the Queen Mother of the West from Yaoguang Wonderland! She's here too!"

"Is it the head of the female immortals of the West Sea? Queen Mother of the West?"

"Yes, yes! The Queen Mother of the West has been very famous in Honghuang these years! In the past few years, the forces in the West Sea were chaotic, but after the rise of the Yaoguang Wonderland and the West Sea Flood Dragon, there are only these two forces left."

"That's right, that's right, I also heard that there seems to be some agreement between these two forces, and it has always been a good thing."

"This Yaoguang fairyland is too mysterious. I went to the West Sea to search for it. I wanted to visit it, but I was isolated from the formation. I also have some accomplishments in the way of formation, but I have studied it for thousands of years and found nothing."

"Hehe, your efforts are purely in vain. Who doesn't know that Yaoguang Wonderland does not participate in the conflicts between the prehistoric and the famine, and relies on this formation. As long as it is within the formation, no matter how strong the monk is, it cannot detect it, let alone break into it. inside."

All the powerful men discussed in low voices.

Lin Long also heard the discussions of the great powers, and a smile appeared on the corner of his mouth.

It seems that Queen Mother Xi has not forgotten her request.

In the palace, there were souls who wanted to have a good relationship with Queen Mother Xi, but they were coldly rejected by Queen Mother West without exception.

All living beings lamented the aloofness of the Queen Mother of the West.

Little did they know, at this moment, the aloof Queen Mother Xi kept looking in Lin Long's direction.

Looking at Lin Long sitting in front, Queen Mother Xi showed a thoughtful look on her face.

"Strange, why does this person feel so familiar to me? But I must have never seen him before?"

"Forget it, maybe I'm overthinking it. With such a grand occasion, I don't know if Friends Mosquito is here this time."

"Xihai Yaoguang Wonderland has the momentum it has today, thanks to Mosquito Fellow. If I can see you this time, I must thank you in person!"


		