

When later generations sealed the gods, Lei Zhenzi, Jichang's adopted son, was instructed by Yun Zhongzi. After consuming two fairy apricots, he grew wings on his back. When he waved his wings, there was a flash of wind and thunder. supernatural powers.

When Lin Long hadn't traveled through time, he had thought that this fairy apricot, as one of the top ten spiritual roots in the prehistoric period, was not as productive as flat peaches, and its efficacy was not as good as bitter bamboo gourd vine, a spiritual root that turned into a spiritual treasure.

So why does it rank among the top ten innate spiritual roots?

If it is just a supernatural power of wind and thunder, it is not enough to make Xianxing as famous as other top-grade innate spiritual roots.

But now that Lin Long held two fairy apricots, he finally knew what was going on.

This fairy apricot has never been given the effect of having two wings on its back and the power of wind and thunder after eating it.

It is to help the swallowed person to comprehend the law of wind and thunder!

It can only be said that Lei Zhenzi's talent was limited and he couldn't digest it, so he gave birth to wings.

Should I say it or not, it is a waste of this kind of talent to eat fairy apricots!

"I don't know if I can comprehend the law of wind and thunder with my comprehension ability after eating the fairy apricot!"

[You used the supernatural power of knowing the future, ate the fairy apricot, and successfully comprehended the law of wind and thunder, but no wings were born behind you]

Now, Lin Long felt relieved.

He didn't want to make himself ugly with two chicken wings on his back.

What's more, his body is a dragon, which is compatible with the attributes of wind and thunder, and has a top-notch understanding, which is far from what Lei Zhenzi can match. Therefore, it is reasonable to be able to understand the law of wind and thunder without sequelae.

Immediately, without hesitation, he raised his hand, and two celestial apricots fell into his mouth.

Bite lightly, and a stream of sweet juice flows into the mouth.

Even though he had already tasted the top-grade spiritual root fruit like Huang Zhongli, Lin Long was still amazed after eating the fairy apricot.

In the mind, the consciousness throbbed for a while.

The next moment, he clearly sensed that the wind and thunder laws around him were constantly surging.

In my body, it seems that countless chains of attracting laws have been planted!

The power of countless laws gathered towards him.

The law seeds take root in one's own consciousness, and the power of boundless wind and thunder is like a carving knife, engraving dao patterns on the law seeds.

[You swallow the wind-type fairy apricot, and successfully comprehend the law of wind by 10%]

[You swallow the wind-type fairy apricot, and successfully comprehend the law of wind by 10%]


[You swallow the lightning-type fairy apricot, and successfully comprehend the law of thunder by 10%]

[You swallow the lightning-type fairy apricot, and successfully comprehend the law of thunder by 10%]


In his mind, hints kept appearing, and Lin Long could feel that at this moment, his comprehension of the two laws was as simple and easy as drinking water.

After an unknown amount of time passed, the turbulent wind and thunder gradually subsided, and Lin Long slowly opened his eyes.

The eyes opened, and two golden lights shot up into the sky, like two pillars of heaven, straight to the sky!

Between the sky and the earth, there was a strong wind and thunder pierced through the ears!

"Condensation!"

Lin Long poured out a word, and immediately, the strong wind turned into a knife, the thunder turned into a sharp blade, and almost instantly, the cliff was cut into a plain!

"What a domineering power!"

The two fairy apricots made Lin Long comprehend 30% of the law of wind and thunder directly.

Among them, the supernatural powers enlightened are even more remarkable.

The wind is a wind that dissipates bones. When an ordinary monk encounters it, his flesh and blood will be blown away in an instant!

Thunder is the divine thunder of heaven's punishment, which can split the sea of ​​primordial consciousness!

The two supernatural powers, no matter which one, are many times stronger than the wind and thunder wings of the Lei Zhenzi!

"call--"

Lin Long let out a long breath, and the surging mana in his body gradually subsided.

"The realm has also reached the peak of the middle stage of Da Luo Jinxian with the comprehension of supernatural powers, and it is only one step away from entering the late stage of Da Luo!"

"Sure enough, it is right to travel and practice. If you blindly work behind closed doors, you will definitely not enter the country so quickly!"

The two fairy apricots gave Lin Long a lot of surprises. His strength had risen to the middle stage of Daluo Jinxian. Even if he met Yuanshi Tianzun again, even if he didn't sneak attack, Lin Long would be sure to get out!

As for dead knocking...it doesn't exist.

"The commotion caused just now is not small, I must leave as soon as possible, here is not far from Buzhou Mountain, and then look for some exotic flowers and plants, and temper my physical body, and I will be promoted to the late stage of Daluo Jinxian in a short time! "

In today's prehistoric times, only in the late stage of Da Luo can they be considered as having little power to protect themselves!

Now, I am still a little worse.

Immediately, Lin Long used his magical powers and flew towards Buzhou Mountain.

During the period, various exotic flowers and plants were also collected continuously.

Temper the body and improve cultivation.


Kunlun Mountains.

Yuanshi is still in retreat.

And the three flowers on the top, which were previously melted by the Sanguang Shenshui, have now reappeared.

And his cultivation realm has once again stabilized at the late stage of Da Luo Jinxian.

Apparently, he recovered from his injury.

"Second brother!"

"Brother!"

Suddenly, two voices came from outside the dojo.

"Huh? It's the eldest brother and the third brother. How did they come here?"

Yuan Shi waved his hand, and the dojo door slowly opened.

"Second brother, you have passed the test!"

"Yeah, second brother, what's going on in Donghai? Now my reputation as Sanqing is rotten!"

Tong Tian was more impatient, and his mouth was quicker, and he said: "Brother and I came back, there are rumors that slander me Sanqing everywhere!"

Hearing this, Yuanshi Tianzun couldn't help but looked at Laozi and Tongtian in astonishment.

"What rumors? Slandering my Sanqing? Brother, third brother, what are you talking about? Who is so presumptuous, dare to slander my Sanqing?"

Obviously, Yuan Shi couldn't figure it out.

And Lao Tzu and Tong Tian also saw Yuan Shi's bewildered expression, looked at each other immediately, and said, "Second brother, did you go to the East China Sea before?"

Hearing Laozi's words, Yuanshi Tianzun's face suddenly darkened.

When mentioning Donghai, he immediately thought of Lin Long who seriously injured himself!

Could it be that kid who lied about himself?

"Yes, I did go to the East China Sea!"

Yuan Shi nodded, and Lao Tzu sighed, and said, "That's right, the Demon Whale King in the East China Sea spread everywhere, saying that you went to his disk to find treasure, and after being found, you fled without a fight..."

"presumptuous!"

Just halfway through the words, Yuanshi Tianzun couldn't listen anymore.

What does it mean to flee without fighting?

I was attacked, okay? If I don't leave, I won't just be cut off!

"It's him, it must be him!"

Yuan Shi gritted his teeth angrily, and the image of Lin Long appeared in his mind.

Killing is nothing more than nodding your head. It’s good that I escaped after being attacked by you, but you don’t have to publicize this in the whole prehistoric world, do you?

"Is it tolerable or unbearable! Do you really think that by sneak attacking me once, you can step on Wu Sanqing's shoulder?"

Listening to Yuanshi Tianzun gnashing his teeth, Laozi and Tongtian were confused.

"Second brother, did you really go to other people's territory to take it by force?"

"Second brother, did you really flee without fighting?"

Looking at the faces of the two brothers asking, Yuan Shi was speechless for a while.

What the hell should I say?

I really wanted to snatch the Three Immortals Island by chance, but the problem is, before I could do it, I was attacked by surprise!

As for fleeing without fighting, it's not that I didn't fight. I was cut to the top of the three flowers at that time, and my strength was greatly reduced. If I didn't leave, I would be dead!

Do you have to wait to die?

Yuanshi has always had a good face, so naturally he can't admit this kind of thing no matter what.

On the other hand, Laozi and Tongtian saw Yuanshi Tianzun's ugly face as if he was constipated, and they were even more certain in their hearts.

What is said outside is not a rumor!

The yellow mud fell into the crotch, and it was either shit or shit.

"Big brother and third brother, I still have something to do. I have to go out for a while. I will handle this matter myself!"

After speaking, Yuanshi took a deep breath, and flew away from Kunlun Mountain without waiting for Laozi and Tongtian to speak.

Looking at that direction, it is obvious that he is heading for the East China Sea.


		