

Besides, Nuwa left Zixiao Palace, walked with Fuxi, and returned to Buzhou Mountain together.

But in the middle of the walk, Nu Wa stopped and said, "Brother, I still have some things to do, so I won't go back to Buzhou Mountain."

"Um?"

Fuxi froze for a moment, and asked, "Little sister, what else can I do? Do you need help?"

He has been watching Nuwa's progress over the years, her mind is becoming more and more mature, and she is no longer as frizzy as before, but this is how a brother is. It's human nature.

But Nuwa smiled and rejected Fuxi's kindness.

"Brother, don't worry. It's not a big deal. It's just that I'm a little confused. I want to ask Brother Lin for help."

Hearing this, Fuxi nodded, and said, "If you want to find Big Brother Lin, you have to go to Beihai, but you and I don't know the entrance of Dragon God Realm, let alone how to open the restriction of Dragon God Realm. How can you find Lin?" Brother?"

Ever since the Dragon God Realm appeared in Beihai last time, everyone knew that the entrance to the Dragon God Realm was in Beihai.

It's just that if you know it, you know it, but the Dragon God Realm has always been secretive. Apart from the people in the Dragon God Realm, it has never been seen that other creatures can enter the Dragon God Realm.

"No problem."

Nu Wa shook her head: "Although I don't know the entrance to Dragon God Realm, I don't think Brother Lin will reject me."

Seeing how Nuwa spoke, Fuxi couldn't help but shook his head with a wry smile.

I'm afraid my sister is not just simply wanting to ask Lin Long to solve her doubts!

Before coming to Zixiao Palace to listen to the sermon this time, Nu Wa had been wondering whether Lin Long would go to Zixiao Palace again.

But after Lin Long's figure was not seen in Zixiao Palace, Nuwa kept looking around. As an elder brother, how could Fuxi not know what his sister was looking for?

Faced with this situation, Fuxi could only sigh helplessly, the female college is not allowed to stay.

As for the doubts in Nuwa's heart, Fuxi also made a rough guess.

This time Zixiao Palace listened to Taoism, Daozu Hongjun accepted disciples, whether it was Fuxi or Nuwa, both of them always felt that this matter was a bit weird.

It seems that Hongjun has some plans for his siblings.

But this kind of question must not be asked to Hongjun, only Lin Long can ask it.

After all, Lin Long is at the same level as Daozu Hongjun, and Lin Long must know many things that the public does not know!

The Nuwa and Fuxi brothers and sisters didn't know about the open and secret fight between Lin Long and Hongjun, they only knew that they had fought a few times. Of course, even if this reason was put aside, the two brothers and sisters could not have a good impression of Hongjun at all. .

This old Taoist with a seemingly kind face gives people the illusion of calculating everything...

The two brothers and sisters separated, Fuxi returned to Mount Buzhou alone, and Nuwa headed towards the North Sea alone.

There is no one who is ignorant and dares to show up to stop Nuwa from looking for trouble. After all, in Zixiao Palace, Nuwa has been famous for beheading three corpses. In the hearts of all living beings, she is already the first under the default saint. one person!

As long as Fan Naizi is normal, he won't be unable to think about provoking her.

Just when Nuwa arrived at Beihai, a figure appeared beside her.

"Aren't you afraid that you won't find someone if you come to Beihai so recklessly?"

A slightly smiling voice sounded in Nuwa's ear.

Nuwa was obviously taken aback for a moment, then her eyes suddenly lit up, and she turned her head to look. Wasn't it the brother Lin she was looking for?

"Brother Lin, when did you..."

Before Nuwa finished speaking, Lin Long laughed and said, "I want to ask when did I show up?"

"right!"

Nu Wa nodded: "I have killed three corpses in a row, but I still haven't found out how you appeared by my side."

"Ha ha."

Lin Long laughed, but did not answer.

In fact, when Nuwa and Fuxi were talking just now, Lin Long had already hidden away, but Fuxi is not a saint in the future, but the emperor of heaven, and there are some things that are not easy for him to know, so Lin Long didn't show up.

Even if Nu Wa didn't come to find him, Lin Long planned to find Nu Wa.

After all, he wants to win over Nuwa, if no one is seen, how can he win over?

"This is not a place to talk, let's talk in another place."

With a wave of Lin Longpao's sleeve, the world changed in an instant.

When Nuwa came back to her senses, she found that she was already in a quiet and unique courtyard.

But Lin Long had already sat at the stone table in the small courtyard at some point, beckoning to Nuwa: "Sister Nuwa, what are you still doing? Come and sit down."

This series of operations directly made Nuwa unable to react. At this time, she couldn't help but sighed secretly: "As expected of Brother Lin, fortunately, I thought before cutting off the three corpses and reaching the late stage of the quasi-sage, I would be able to see Brother Lin clearly." The means, now it seems that I was transferred away before I even had time to react, Brother Lin's means are really unpredictable."

The gap is not generally large.

Nuwa smiled wryly and shook her head, but she didn't feel lost, instead she was sincerely happy for Lin Long.

Immediately, she walked to the stone table and sat down directly without being polite.

But Lin Long waved his hands, poured a cup of tea for Nu Wa, and said calmly: "It was too reckless to forcefully cut off the three corpses in Zixiao Palace."

"Ah? Brother Lin, it really is you..."

When Nu Wa cut off the third corpse, she also sensed the little law sword. At that time, she guessed whether it had something to do with Lin Long. Now that Lin Long mentioned this matter, it naturally verified her idea.

If it wasn't for that sword intent, his third corpse would not be able to be chopped off no matter what.

Now it seems that Brother Lin is paying attention to himself all the time.

Thinking of this, Nuwa's pretty face blushed slightly, and she took advantage of Brother Lin again.

Before she could speak, Lin Long said again: "It's really hard to cut off the three corpses in one fell swoop. The realm of practice is important, but the more important thing is to have a solid foothold, otherwise it will be difficult to break through in the future." Make it harder, drink this cup of tea."

As he spoke, Lin Long pushed the tea he had just poured to Nuwa.

Nu Wa nodded, obediently like a little daughter-in-law who made a mistake, took a small sip of the teacup.

Taking a sip of tea, Nuwa's pupils shrank suddenly!

In the altar, it seemed as if a divine thunder flashed as the tea entered his throat!

This sense of clarity made her heart tremble, and it was obvious that this cup of tea was not ordinary tea!

"This tea is called Wudao tea, which I got by accident during my travels in the prehistoric regions. Apart from comprehending the principles of enlightenment, this tea also has the effect of consolidating the foundation and cultivating the vitality."

Lin Long said, "Since you've already drunk it, quickly meditate and stabilize your cultivation!"

Nuwa didn't dare to waste time, and quickly followed Lin Long's instructions, calmed down and stabilized her internal cultivation.

Some unstable foundations left by the forcible beheading of the three corpses before have gradually become more complete after drinking the Enlightenment Tea.

Lin Long, on the other hand, protected Nu Wa while drinking the tea in his cup.

This enlightenment tea, which caused a great shock to Nuwa, was just like ordinary tea in Lin Long's mouth.

He doesn't know how long you've been drinking Enlightenment Tea. Given his current state, this tea won't do much.

In terms of the real effect, it still depends on the luck blessed by the Dao.

It's a pity that Nuwa can't enjoy this benefit of mine.


Nuwa's practice has lasted for a hundred years.

In front of the stone table, Nuwa slowly opened her eyes, and a gleam of clarity flashed through her bright eyes.

At this time, her aura is no longer as vain as when she just left Zixiao Palace, it is gentle and long-lasting everywhere.

At this moment, she truly stabilized her realm.

"Thank you, Brother Lin!"

Nuwa thanked Lin Long, but Lin Long waved his hand and said, "Okay, there is no need to be so polite between you and me. Remember not to be so greedy next time, it will not be beneficial to your cultivation."

"Well, I see."

Nu Wa's pretty face flushed, she couldn't say that she wanted to forcibly cut off the three corpses to vent her anger on Lin Long.

Girls, always save face.


		