

Lin Long's understatement almost made Yuan Shi spit blood out of anger!

Of course he knew that Lin Long came to Zixiao Palace to listen to the preaching, but the problem was that he had a natural rejection of Lin Long at first!

Originally, he came to listen to the sermon happily, and even lost countless competitors in the Chaos Sea. He thought he would be the first to set foot in the Zixiao Palace, but who knew that this enemy had a narrow road, and Lin Long, who was so immortal, would appear in the Zixiao Palace ahead of time? Xiaogong!

Speaking of which, wouldn't the three of his brothers be one step behind him?

Now, Yuanshi's good mood is gone!

"Ahem..."

On the side, Lao Tzu saw that Yuan Shi was not in the right mood, so he coughed lightly and said in a low voice: "Second brother, Taoist Hongjun is now a saint."

Yuan Shi came to his senses, the depression on his face was swept away, and then he showed a smug smile.

The original realm of myself and others was not as good as Daozu Hongjun, so it is only natural to listen to the preaching at this time.

However, Lin Long and Hongjun fought back and forth before, and now he can only listen obediently like himself and others. This feeling is much more uncomfortable and embarrassing than those of himself.

Even though Lin Long is stronger than himself now, he may not be unable to catch up when he has the method of practice after listening to the Tao.

Thinking of this, Yuanshi Tianzun seemed to see Lin Long's embarrassing heart, and suddenly became happy.

"Hmph, so what if the cultivation base is strong, it's not like me."

Yuan Shi snorted coldly, walked into Zixiao Palace, found a futon and sat down.

Although Lao Tzu didn't like Lin Long, it wasn't particularly annoying, so he simply sat next to Lin Long.

Looking at these futons, I always feel that these futons have a deep meaning.

Among the three Qings, only Tongtian looked at Lin Long curiously, with a little doubt in his eyes.

Feeling Tongtian's gaze, Lin Long turned his head to look at each other, and nodded with a smile.

Tong Tian was stunned for a moment, but also nodded out of politeness, which was regarded as a return gift.

"Tongtian's intuition is quite keen. He can actually feel that the Four Swords of Jade Immortal are on me. This thing is indeed destined for him."

Tongtian is in the Sanqing, to be honest, his personality is somewhat different from that of Lao Tzu and Yuan Shi.

Lao Tzu puts it nicely, it is pure and inaction, and puts it badly, but it is unfeeling and righteous, and everything is based on profit.

While Yuanshi is noble, he is also somewhat selfish.

When conferring the gods, he united with the two Westerners without hesitation, and sent his younger brother's sect and his hundreds of thousands of nephews to the list of gods.

How vicious, how selfish.

Of course, this is all family affairs, Lin Long is not qualified to say anything now.

Among the three Qings, Lin Long is most optimistic about the future leader, Tongtian.

"Maybe in the future, if I have a chance, I can win him over. Tongtian's character is really at a disadvantage in the Xuanmen full of calculations. It is more suitable to come to my Dragon God Realm."

Lin Long secretly decided to expand talents for the Dragon God Realm, but even if he wanted to win over, it would be a matter of the future, and now is not the time.

After Sanqing was seated, a second group of people came to Zixiao Palace soon.

"Little sister, we have arrived, but there is no one there yet. It seems that we arrived early."

It was none other than Fuxi who spoke.

Beside him, stood a woman with a superb appearance and an outstanding temperament.

Women are naturally Nuwa.

Compared with the image of double ponytails when they met for the first time, and the image of the girl next door when they met for the second time, Nuwa now has the temperament of a mature woman.

The two siblings looked around, and Nuwa's beautiful face froze!

A pair of beautiful eyes are full of disbelief!

"Lin, Brother Lin!"

Hearing Nuwa's surprised words, Fuxi also reacted, looked at Nuwa's gaze, his pupils shrank, and an excited look appeared on his face!

"Brother Lin, it's really you!!!"

The brother and sister took three steps and took two steps together, and walked to Lin Long's side.

"Brother Lin! Where have you been all these years? We wanted to find you, but we couldn't even find a message!"

"You didn't even say you came to see our brothers and sisters!"

There was dissatisfaction in Nuwa's eyes, if it wasn't for the presence of Sanqing, she would have cried for you.

The glamorous temperament just now disappeared in front of Lin Long.

Fuxi was also full of excitement, and said: "Yes, brother, I have been looking for news about you these years, but I have not found any clues. As a last resort, I joined the Yaozu, hoping to use the power of the Yaozu to help find..."

Lin Long shook his head with a smile, stretched out his hand to rub Nuwa's head, and said with a smile, "Okay, it's been so many years, why are you still like this?"

"I have been retreating all these years."

"No, I'm only leaving the customs now. I thought I'd wait until the fun is over before going to see you."

Nuwa Fuxi brothers and sisters didn't wait to speak, and Yuan Shi sneered: "Oh, what are you talking about to join in the fun? Let me say, someone found that his realm was stagnant, and he was embarrassed, so he could only come here to listen to the sermon with the cheek."

Hearing Yuan Shi's sneer, Nuwa's expression turned cold instantly, and she turned to look at Yuan Shi.

"Yuanshi! Food can be eaten indiscriminately, but words can't be said indiscriminately! When Brother Lin became enlightened, you were still blocked by the dragon clan."

Fuxi over there also looked stern, and even sacrificed a gourd directly, which meant to do it directly.

"you!"

Yuanshi Tianzun's complexion instantly fell.

The matter of being blocked by the Dragon Clan has always been a pain in Yuanshi's heart. Anyone who mentions this matter will have trouble with Yuanshi.

On weekdays, even Lao Tzu and Tong Tian rarely talked about it.

Now that Nuwa said it so unscrupulously, Yuanshi's mood can be imagined.

Looking at Nuwa, Yuanshi's eyes showed anger.

"Now Honghuang has really changed. Anyone dares to provoke me, Sanqing! It's still too early for Daozu to preach. Buzhoushan, Fuxi and Nuwa, I've heard of you. I can see you today. Why don't you talk about Taoism? ?”

He said it was an argument, but Yuanshi's eyes were stern, obviously wanting to take revenge.

From Yuanshi's point of view, he couldn't beat Lin Long, but was more than enough to deal with Fuxi and Nuwa.

However, he didn't know that after the two Fuxi brothers and sisters met Lin Long, they often talked with each other in those years, and their cultivation base improved a lot.

His own comprehension of the laws can be called the top of the wild.

Coupled with Lin Long's stimulation, the two of them practiced hard, and the two brothers and sisters really didn't take it seriously.

Seeing that he was about to make a move, Fu Xi still had a brotherly demeanor, and stopped Yuan Shi in one step.

"Yuanshi, you can discuss the Tao, but you don't need my little sister, I will discuss the Tao with you!"

As soon as she finished speaking, Nu Wa ran to the front again.

"Brother, you don't need to do anything. This Yuanshi dares to slander Brother Lin. I must teach him a lesson! Today I want to let him know that there are some people that Yuanshi can't provoke!"

Nu Wa's words were extremely domineering, but looking back at Yuan Shi, her face was livid with anger.

"Okay! I really learned a lot today."

"Since that's the case, there's no need to say more. I'll see what you guys are capable of."

"bring it on!"

Yuan Shi's figure flickered, and he reappeared outside the main hall of Zixiao Palace, holding a jade ruyi in his hand, and his eyes were full of fighting spirit.

"Hmph! Come here, I'm afraid you won't succeed!"

Nuwa snorted softly, waved her hand, took out a scarlet gourd, opened the gourd, a ray of light flowed out of it, and in a blink of an eye the ray of light turned into a long sword, which Nuwa held in her hand.

"These two brothers and sisters haven't learned my essence at all."

Lin Long shook his head, sitting here by himself, naturally he didn't worry about the safety of the two brothers and sisters.

However, if he were Nuwa Fuxi, he would definitely not be so positive and tough.

After all, safety comes first.

When your own strength is almost the same as that of the opponent or even slightly ahead, of course it is a sneak attack to fuck him!

Is it worthwhile to be so aboveboard?

"However, it seems that Nu Wa has made a lot of progress over the years."

"There is also this spirit treasure, which seems to be a spirit treasure trained with the innate treasure in the innate gourd."

"It's kind of interesting. Even if you are tough and tough, Yuan Shi may suffer a lot this time."

Of course, Lin Long had no reason to stop, but instead began to look at the battle between the two with great interest.

I want to see how much Nuwa has improved over the years.

At the same time, the remaining great powers in the flood also rushed to Zixiao Palace one after another.


		