

The avenue deed link doesn't lie.

Things went even smoother than Lin Long had imagined. The Blood Demon God signed the contract, so Lin Long was the first to confirm the truth of what she just said.

To be honest, at this moment Lin Long had some hope that the Blood Demon God was lying to him.

Because if her words are true, it indicates that there will be greater danger!

But, unfortunately, following Lin Long's questioning, the Blood Demon God nodded seriously, expressing that none of what he just said was false.

"Put on your clothes and return to Honghuang first, and I will arrange a place for you to live in."

Lin Long casually released the cage of the blood-mixed demon god.

The Blood Demon God who had no restraint wanted to get close to Lin Long, but Lin Long stared back at him.

He could only follow behind Lin Long resentfully.

Lin Long was thinking about the words of the Blood Demon God just now.

The information was ambiguous, but Lin Long still deduced some useful things from it.

For example, today's chaotic world may be suffering from a crisis.

Or, apart from the Chaos Demon God, powerful creatures outside of Chaos are coveting the entire Chaos world.

It's not impossible.

On the Dao level, there is also the Hongmeng level.

It is not impossible to say that there is a wider world outside the chaotic world.

Lin Long, who had surpassed Hongjun, suddenly felt a sense of urgency and crisis.

The world is not as simple as you think.

The memory known to future generations may not be all of this world.

After the Journey to the West link of the later generations, the spiritual energy of the entire prehistoric world has almost been exhausted.

The ancient immortals and demons have completely disappeared.

He didn't even say where he was going.

There are only two or three big cats and kittens left in the Three Realms, and there is obviously a fault in the middle.

"It seems that we have to start preparing."

"Just now, the Blood Demon God kept talking about the origin of the Dao of Heaven. Now the Chaos Orb in my hand is basically repaired, and the world tree inside has also grown a lot."

"If the world tree blooms and bears fruit, can the origin of the world be born?"

Lin Long turned his head to look at the Blood Demon God at the side.

"Since you Chaos Demon Gods know that the origin of the Dao of Heaven is useful to you, why didn't you try to find the world tree to cultivate the world?"

Lin Long's idea is very simple, since he can get the branches of the world tree, it proves that there must be a world tree in this chaos.

However, to Lin Long's surprise, upon hearing his words, the Blood Demon God looked at him in bewilderment.

"World Tree? What is that, I've never heard of it before."

"What? You Chaos Demon Gods have never even heard of the treasure tree that can give birth to various worlds?"

Through his own cultivation of the World Tree these years, Lin Long also has a certain understanding of it.

The World Tree relies on chaos to grow, and as time goes by, countless worlds can be born.

Maybe the grade is not as high as Honghuang, but it can also be called Xiaoqianshijie.

The origin of the way of heaven should not be a problem.

There is no reason why the three thousand demon gods haven't seen this thing in the chaos for so many years.

But now the Blood Demon God said that she had never even heard of it.

So where did the world tree in this chaos go?

Lin Long felt that his head was shrouded in a huge fog.

Thinking in my heart, the two have also returned to the prehistoric world.

Because Lin Long signed a Dao contract with the Blood Demon God, Heaven no longer blocks the Blood Demon God.

Nuwa was very happy to see Lin Long returned safely.

But when he saw a coquettish woman standing beside Lin Long, his excitement was suppressed all of a sudden.

"Brother Lin, who is she? Why..."

"This is a Taoist friend who just dealt with the Chaos Demon God with me, and he is also a prehistoric hermit."

Lin Long casually claimed an identity for the Blood Demon God.

At this time, there are still too many prehistoric creatures watching here. If the identity of the blood demon god is revealed, it will inevitably cause prehistoric creatures to panic.

It's better to hide it first.

But of course this introduction cannot be hidden from Hongjun and Luohu, the two original Chaos Demon Gods.

At the first sight of the Blood Demon God, the two recognized the woman in front of them as the Chaos Demon God.

But the two did not expose Lin Long's words.

Seeing Nu Wa's slightly hostile gaze, the Blood Demon God suddenly covered his mouth and chuckled.

"Hong Luan has seen you all."

Lin Long glanced at the Blood Demon God. This guy knew how to get down the stairs. She casually made up her own identity, and she made up another name for herself.

That's good too, so I don't have to call her Chaos Demon God all the time.

"Things outside the prehistoric world are over. The Chaos Demon God who invaded before has been removed by me and will not come back."

"Humanity, I still mean what I said before, Yuanshi Tianzun can't be killed yet, so let's punish him with a small punishment."

After this incident, Humanity did not refute Lin Long again.

"Then strip away the luck of the teaching on the human race. As for the disciple of the saint, it will be settled after the emperor Fuxi of the human race returns to the throne."

Yuanshi didn't say a word, it was acquiescing to this matter, which was already the best result.

Too many things happened today, the brother's betrayal, the strength of humanity, the appearance of the Chaos Demon God, and Lin Long's help, made Yuanshi Tianzun feel like a mess in his mind at this moment.

Even as a saint, the CPU in the brain is about to be burned dry.

As for Guang Chengzi, who caused the trouble, he passed out as early as when the vision appeared in the sky and the Chaos Demon God appeared.

After everything is over, Heavenly Dao returns to hermit again, trying her best to repair the damaged world. As for the matter of the Chaos Demon God, Heavenly Dao is ruthless. Since Lin Long restrains him, it is naturally impossible to unravel it in idleness.

Humanity only greeted Lin Long and Nuwa, and then withdrew from Fuxi's body.

Looking at the familiar and unfamiliar figures present, Fuxi was a little puzzled, still confused about the situation.

"You are?"

Lin Long smiled slightly.

"We are Sanxian passing by. We just came here to take a look when we saw the burst of immortal power here."

Fuxi's mind was like an electric shock, and he slowly recalled the memory before he was possessed by the will of humanity.

"By the way, Guang Chengzi, he wants to kill me!"

Fuxi looked around and found Guang Chengzi who was unconscious on the ground.

"How many fairy elders did this?"

Lin Long smiled, neither admitting nor denying it.

However, in Fuxi's eyes, this is equivalent to the default.

"Thank you to the immortal elders for helping me out, my kindness and virtue, Fuxi will never forget it."

Fuxi hurriedly saluted, but when Fuxi raised his head again, all the people who were present just now disappeared.

"Sure enough, he is a senior in the immortal way."

"Why are the figures of those people so familiar just now?"

"never mind."

"Come here, pass on my order. From now on, Guangchengzi will be abolished as the Immortal Master of the Human Race. The Human Race will no longer welcome him from today on."

Although Guang Chengzi is a saint's disciple, but now he has bad thoughts about himself and the human race, so there is nothing to be polite about.

At the same time that Fuxi gave this order, Yuanshi Tianzun clearly felt that the fortune of explaining education has dropped a lot, and Guangchengzi has directly increased a lot of karma.


		