

Before Lin Long was still guessing, Hong Huang suddenly revealed who such a strong man was.

And the reason why he didn't use the supernatural power against knowing the future is also to verify his own strength.

After all, knowing the future is the same as cheating. If you know all the processes, then it’s a fart to verify.

But seeing the Law of Time and the Law of Space now, if you don't know who the old guy in front of you is, you should really find a piece of tofu and kill him.

In the prehistoric world, there is only one known master of the laws of time and space, and that is Patriarch Yangmei who is as famous as Hongjun Luohu.

It is rumored that the ancestor Yangmei was originally a Chaos Demon God, and his body is a hollow willow with the top ten innate spiritual roots of the prehistoric era.

Later, he helped Hongjun crusade against Luohu. After the incident, he traveled to Chaos and never appeared again.

Of course, this is the later version that Lin Long knew, and it's hard to say how much of it is true and how much is false.

At least, Lin Long always felt that it was a bit tricky for the ancestor Yangmei to leave the prehistoric and travel chaos.

Especially after seeing Hongjun's character and behavior, it doesn't look like he can leave with raised eyebrows.

Seeing that his identity was recognized, he raised his eyebrows in surprise, but he didn't hide it.

"Haha, I didn't expect the identity of the old Taoist to be recognized by the Dragon God. This is the honor of the old Taoist."

While talking, the old guy's hands are not slow at all.

Lin Long knew that the person in front of him turned out to be the Patriarch Raising the Eyebrow, so he didn't dare to spare any more energy at the moment. The laws of time and space were operating to the extreme.

In an instant, the laws of the two collided. Within hundreds of thousands of miles, the sky and the earth changed color, the space was chaotic, and countless space sharp blades cut.

Time is even faster and slower.

This world has already become a restricted area for life.

On the prehistoric land, countless great masters could not help but gasp when they saw this situation.

"It's scary! Who is this, who also masters the laws of time and space!"

"Neither of these two people is something that I wait for Da Luo Jinxian to resist. Ordinary Da Luo Jinxian is no different from an ant in front of them!"

"Before I waited, I was really looking at the sky from the bottom of a well. I thought that Da Luo's realm had reached the extreme, and I was still complacent, but I didn't know that I had been left behind so much by the real powerful person!"

"But what is above the realm of Daluo, I have no idea!"

"Have you heard that Qingmu Dragon God created the Dragon God Realm, which is the place where the three races live. Do you think that if you join the Dragon God Realm, can you get a further solution?"

"This……"

Joining the forbidden land of the three clans to seek a further solution, although it was proposed by the creatures in a moment of enthusiasm, no other creatures echoed it.

But it is undeniable that many creatures are really tempted.

Even if it is because of this, many creatures feel that it is worthwhile to serve Lin Long.

After all, this feeling of living a life of poverty and not being able to make an inch is the greatest torture for a prehistoric and powerful person.

As far as this is concerned, Lin Long has shown great strength. If it weren't for this, all the great powers in the prehistoric world would dare to unite and attack Sanxian Island together.

The dead zone formed by the collision of the law of time and the law of space slowly dissipated, and space and time gradually returned to normal.

Looking at the spot again, Lin Long and the Immortal Raising Eyebrows were nowhere to be seen.

"Huh? Where are they?"

"Is this over?"

"Damn it, I was still thinking about finding an opportunity to worship under the Qingmu Dragon God."

Some creatures with small thoughts were very annoyed.

Let's not show how the prehistoric gods are. After Lin Long and the ancestor Yangmei fought the final blow, Lin Long finally understood the true intention of the ancestor Yangmei.

After the blow, the two stopped their hands at the same time, turned around and disappeared in place.

And on a hidden mountain top, Lin Long and Yang Mei Patriarch sat facing each other, with a stone table, two stone benches, and a cup of fresh tea.

"Fellow Daoist, this is the Dao Enlightenment tea I collected. Although it doesn't have much effect on you and me, it can be regarded as a rare treasure. Please taste it."

The ancestor Yangmei made a gesture of invitation to Lin Long.

Lin Long didn't refuse. He picked up the teacup and took a sip, his eyes lit up.

"I've heard of Enlightenment Tea a long time ago. I even paid attention to it when I was traveling in the wilderness, but I didn't find it. I don't want to taste it from you, fellow Taoist."

"Sure enough, it is good tea, which can help practice."

"Hahaha, as long as fellow daoist likes it, I still have a lot of tea. If fellow daoist likes it, it's okay to give you a tea tree."

It's hard to imagine that the two who were fighting to the death just now have come to drink tea like this in the blink of an eye, like old friends they haven't seen for many years.

But Lin Long thought it through.

The eyebrow raising ancestor was actually testing himself just now.

If you have enough strength, you can sit here as a fellow daoist, tasting tea and discussing daoism.

If the strength is not enough, it will naturally be death, and it will be over.

Hong Huang has always been so cruel.

As for the reason for the temptation, although Lin Long had guesses in his mind, he was still not sure.

Hearing that Yang Mei said that he would give himself enlightenment tea, Lin Long put down the teacup.

Looking at Patriarch Yang Mei, Lin Long smiled and said, "You will not be rewarded for your merits, fellow Taoist, you and I will do it when we meet, but now you suddenly say that you want to give me the treasures of heaven and earth, this is a bit ridiculous."

Yang Mei also put down the teacup in his hand and looked at Lin Long.

Seeing Lin Long looking at him with a smile on his face, he raised his eyebrows and said: "It seems that Fellow Daoist has already guessed, I actually have something to ask Dragon God for help."

really!

All these old things in Honghuang count as one, but none of them are fuel-efficient lamps.

No, the front foot is still beating himself to death, and the back foot is doing business.

However, Lin Long is not a fool.

It is definitely not a trivial matter that can make the ancestor Yang Mei open his mouth. It is a bit whimsical to get rid of himself with this enlightenment tea.

Since you are doing business, you need to correct your attitude. Lin Long said again: "Fellow Daoist, your time law and space law are not inferior to mine, and your cultivation is even better than mine. What's the matter? Fellow Daoists can’t do it?”

"If that's the case, I'm afraid I'm helpless."

If you want a price, of course you have to make things serious.

In terms of routines, Lin Long asked himself that he was not afraid of anyone.

Raising eyebrows and waving hands, a layer of enchantment was formed around them.

Isolate this place from the outside world.

Lin Long narrowed his eyes slightly, and raised his eyebrows to guard against whom?

In the prehistoric world, there were not many people who could raise their eyebrows so cautiously, and they were nothing more than Luo Hu and Hong Jun.

But Luo Hu is stronger in the way of destruction, and he is weaker in deduction.

On the contrary, Hongjun is very good at deduction, so it is self-evident who is raising his eyebrows.

Lin Long suddenly realized that, sure enough, Hong Huang and these old fellows were not as harmonious as they appeared on the surface.

At the very least, although Yang Mei and Hong Jun could join hands with each other, they were still on guard.

After everything was arranged, he raised his eyebrows before speaking.

"Let fellow daoist laugh, be prepared."

"Fellow Daoist has met Hongjun, right? I don't know what you think of Hongjun?"

Sure enough, it was about Hongjun.


		