

This magic weapon forms a formation of its own, covering the fairy island, but its body is just a dingy bead.

fist size.

"This thing is actually a Chaos Orb!"

Because he had already refined all the restrictions of this treasure, Lin Long had already fully understood what this treasure was, and also understood the specific function of this treasure.

Moreover, since he refined all the restrictions, he now has complete control over this treasure!

Chaos Orb, one of the four great treasures of Chaos, hides the primordial world inside, can escape the punishment of heaven, and become a Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian who is not bound by heaven!

This thing existed earlier than Pangu, but it is a pity that when Pangu created the world, the Chaos Orb couldn't withstand the coercion of the world, and it was broken!

"It's also fortunate that this thing was damaged in the first place, otherwise, with my cultivation base of a true immortal, it would be a fool's dream to refine this thing!"

Although it's a pity that the Chaos Orb was severely damaged, Lin Long was also quite thankful that it was damaged.

Otherwise, not only would he not be able to refine it, but he would even be unable to enter this fairy island.

After all, the innate formation formed by the Chaos Orb is equivalent to the body of the Chaos Orb!

With his true immortal strength, isn't it just a daydream if he wants to break through the entire Chaos Orb?

"Today's Chaos Orb hides a very small space. Apart from this large protective formation, it is basically difficult to have other functions. It will take a lot of effort to repair it."

Lin Long thought for a moment, then immediately threw the Chaos Orb up again, forming a magic circle again, covering the entire fairy island again.

"No, in this case, I'm afraid it's not safe to be hit by others, so I'd better make more preparations."

Safety first, Lin Long didn't want to keep the formation as it was, if someone came, wouldn't he be dumped?

Fortunately, he has comprehended the principles of formations. Although his cultivation base is not high now, it is easy to arrange some formations by relying on Chaos Orbs.

After arranging eighteen layers of formations in one breath, Lin Long felt slightly safe in his heart.

"It's still a bit of a struggle. If my cultivation base is higher, it won't be a problem to arrange a hundred or ten layers of formations. Now I have drained all my magic power with only eighteen."

Lin Long wiped his sweat. The eighteen formations made him exhausted. Fortunately, he was assisted by the Chaos Orb. Otherwise, the cultivation base of a real immortal would not even be able to arrange a single formation, and he would not be able to understand the laws of the formation. It is difficult for a clever woman to cook without rice.

"The legendary Sanxian Island has countless treasures. Now I finally have a sense of security, and I can let go and search for the treasures on the island!"

One of the formations of the three fairy islands has been refined, and he is not in a hurry for the remaining two. After all, it has been verified just now. The speed of refining the formations is very slow, and there is no way to arrange them again. Array.

Instead of forcibly gnawing at the formations of the two islands, it is better to find out if there are any treasures on this island first. Of course, it would be better if there are treasures that can improve the strength.

The island was full of aura, and after Lin Long silently absorbed the aura to recover his mana, he planned to search around the island.

Of course, before he searched, he used his magical powers to tell the future!

Because he found that this supernatural power is so easy to use. You don't need to do anything, just think about it in your mind, and you can know the countless changes that will happen in the future.

Sure enough, as soon as the supernatural power was displayed, time fragments flashed by in front of his eyes, Lin Long's pupils shrank, and a happy expression appeared on his face.

[You have used your supernatural powers to know the future, and you have traveled three thousand miles to the west, and you will encounter Huang Zhongli, the innate spiritual root. 】

As the prompt appeared, Lin Long waited for a while, and after realizing that there was no danger, he immediately cast the law of space, and after a few dodges, he was already three thousand miles away.

Although the proficiency of this space law is not high, it is very suitable for traveling. Using the space folding point is almost equivalent to a different kind of displacement.

"Is this the innate spirit root Huang Zhongli?"

Looking up at the huge fruit tree tens of feet high, Lin Long immediately thought of Huang Zhongli's introduction in Hong Huang's novel.

Huang Zhongli is one of the top ten innate spiritual roots in the prehistoric times. According to legend, this tree will bloom once every yuan, bear fruit once every yuan, and mature after another yuan.

It took only the time for the Sanyuanhui to bear nine fruits.

The flower shape is like a lotus, and the fruit is like a pearl pistil. The word "Huang Zhong" is written on the flowers and fruits, and Huang Zhongli is named after it.

The most important thing is the fruit of Huang Zhongli. If ordinary people smell it, they will be able to achieve ten thousand years of Taoism, and if they eat one, they can instantly become a Da Luo Jinxian!

"This thing is tailor-made for me!"

Lin Long looked greedily at the nine yellow-orange apricots hanging on the fruit tree in front of him, and was overjoyed.

His shortcoming is his lack of cultivation. Now if he eats a piece of Huang Zhongli, he can cross countless years of practice in an instant and reach Daluo Jinxian!

"When I arrive at Da Luo Jinxian, my self-protection ability will be improved to a higher level, and I don't have to work hard to refine the formation and arrange the formation as before!"

Lin Long didn't hesitate, and if he was worried about delay, he would change. Immediately, the golden dragon tail swept across, rolled up a yellow plum fruit, and put it directly into his mouth!

boom--

Suddenly, a violent aura raged in his body!

The golden light of spiritual energy suddenly appeared, enveloping Lin Long's entire body in an instant.

The rays of light flowed rapidly, the aura became more and more abundant, and Lin Long's aura also soared in an instant!

The aura of the entire fairy island seemed to be completely driven by Lin Long at this moment, and became chaotic!

boom--

suddenly!

When the aura on Lin Long's body reached its peak, it exploded with a bang, dispersing all the golden light!

In the place where the aura gathered, Lin Long's three-clawed golden dragon-like body could no longer be seen. Instead, he was a naked young man.

"Sure enough, the Daluo Golden Immortal has transformed into form immediately!"

Lin Long looked at his body with satisfaction, and with a wave of his hand, a set of blue robes transformed into his body.

"The strength of the Daluo Jinxian realm is so abundant that it makes people frightened!"

Silently feeling the aura in his body, Lin Long's body disappeared immediately when he thought about it, and when he reappeared, he was already a hundred thousand miles away!

"With just a random thought, you can use the law of space to move one hundred thousand miles. Compared with the previous time, it took a few times to move three thousand miles with all your strength. Da Luo Jinxian's cultivation is really not boastful!"

He didn't try to find out where his limit was, it wasn't that he didn't want to use it with all his strength, but that when he moved, the reminder appeared again in his mind.

[You have cast the law of space, and the proficiency of the law of space has increased to 5%]

[You used the law of space to hurry, and found that there was a precious light shining 300,000 miles to the south. 】

"Three hundred thousand miles! Not too far away."

Lin Long was not in a hurry to go back and refine the Huangzhong plum fruit tree, because he had already swallowed a Huangzhong plum, and even if he ate it again, the effect would not be great.

What interested him was the Baoguang that reminded him of the appearance of 300,000 miles south of Zhongzheng.

On this kind of fairy island, the level of treasures that can appear is generally not too low.

Now that his cultivation base has reached Daluo Jinxian, it's time to touch some treasures that are in his hand.

With a thought, the figure immediately moved away.

Three hundred thousand miles, within a blink of an eye!


		