

Lin Long's eyes looked into the distance through the void.

A man in imperial robes covered in golden flames flew towards him.

Before the person arrived, the voice had already passed.

"Where is the little thief so bold that he dares to attack my monster princess!"

Di Jun in this life does not have ten children, only this one son and one daughter, each of whom is dear to him.

Knowing that his youngest daughter had sneaked out from the small world of the Yaozu, Di Jun came directly to look for her.

When they first heard the news, all the demon gods and high-level officials of the Yaozu were so frightened that they didn't even dare to breathe, which shows the seriousness of the matter.

"I didn't expect this Dijun to be a daughter slave."

Lin Long secretly laughed in his heart.

Before Di Jun could see the situation clearly, he couldn't stand seeing Hou Yi beside his daughter.

A smile curled up at the corner of Lin Long's mouth: "Hou Yi, Hou Yi, with such an old man, you will have to suffer in the future."

Just as he was thinking, Di Jun had already arrived in front of Hou Yi.

Standing in mid-air, Di Jun was wearing a fiery red imperial robe, looking at Hou Yi vigilantly with anger in his eyes.

Out of the corner of his eye, he noticed that his daughter was still grabbing the corner of Hou Yi's clothes, and he became angry again.

"Boy, don't stay far away from my daughter!"

"If you don't dodge again, you will be burned into coke today!"

Although Di Jun also felt that Hou Yi in front of him was not an ordinary creature of the wild, but a great witch of the Wu clan.

Normally speaking, with the current situation of the Yaozu and Wuzu, Di Jun would not choose to offend each other.

But it's about my baby, so that's another matter.

At this time, Hou Yi was a little dazed, and he didn't realize it for a while. When did I arrest your daughter?

However, when he turned his head and saw Dihua timidly grabbing the corner of his clothes, he understood.

However, even though he knew that this woman was the daughter of the man wearing the imperial robe in front of him, not everyone could misunderstand and bully the stubborn temper of the Wu Clan!

Besides, Hou Yi is now the great witch of the Wu clan, so he can't lose face of the Wu clan no matter what, so even if the opponent is a high-ranking monster clan, he will never give in!

Besides, as a disciple of Cyanwood Dragon God, how can I be subdued in this place? Doesn't this lose all of Master's face?

Immediately Hou Yi took a step forward and said angrily: "Hmph, you are so unreasonable! You don't even look at your words when you speak, you must be used to being domineering, but I'm here today to see how you can burn me into charcoal!" "

When he spoke, Houyi's aura rose sharply, and the bow and arrow in his hand also faintly glowed.

That Emperor Jun's eyes were fixed, and there was already a gleam in his eyes.

The boy from the Wu clan in front of him had already reached the peak of the great witch at a young age. Di Jun, who had dealt with the Wu clan a lot in the past, naturally understood what it meant to be a great witch at such an age.

This is definitely being cultivated by the Wu Clan as a future heir!

If so, I really can't kill this kid easily.

However, it is not a problem for the majestic demon emperor to teach him a little lesson.

"Young people don't know the heights of the sky and the earth, thinking that they are great witches, so they can run wild in the wild?"

"Today I will teach you a lesson!"

Di Jun snorted coldly, and as he said that, he was about to make a move, and the real fire of the sun rose slowly in his hand.

But at this moment, Dihua behind Houyi became anxious, and hurriedly opened his hands to block Houyi, and said, "Father, calm down, you misunderstood!"

"My dear girl, don't be afraid, this kid is messing with you, I will teach you a lesson for your father! With me here, no one can bully you!"

After Dijun finished speaking, Dihua's face turned red.

Father is talking nonsense. When did Hou Yi touch him? It was obvious that he was pulling the corner of his clothes.

But how would a daughter like her say this?

Not to mention in front of his own father.

"Father, you misunderstood me. I was chased by a ferocious beast just now. It was Brother Houyi who rescued me. If it wasn't for him, my daughter would have died by now."

"If you do something to brother Houyi, you will not only wrong a good man, but also trap your daughter in a cruel and unrighteous way. My daughter can't let you do it!"

Although Dihua's body was weak, his eyes were extremely firm at the moment: "If you keep doing this, my daughter will ignore you!"

"Okay, good girl."

Di Jun was concerned about it just now, but now he has discovered the surrounding situation, and there is indeed a corpse of a ferocious beast.

The beast's head was indeed pierced by an arrow, and it was definitely not done by Dihua.

And that Hou Yi held a bow and arrow in his hand, it was obvious that this kid hunted and killed the beast.

Di Jun already believed it in his heart, but as the Demon Emperor, how could he apologize to Hou Yi, a descendant of the witch clan?

At the moment, he just snorted coldly: "Hmph, Dihua, follow father!"

Of course, it is impossible for Di Jun, as the emperor of the monster race, to be silent about Hou Yi saving Di Hua.

I saw that Di Jun casually threw out a treasure bag like a local rich man, and threw it in front of Hou Yi.

The meaning couldn't be more obvious, as Hou Yi's thank you for saving his daughter.

It's a pity that Hou Yi is also a violent person. Before the treasure bag was in front of him, Hou Yi raised his hand and shot the treasure bag back in mid-air.

Di Jun grabbed the arrow and the treasure bag, and looked at Hou Yi with a little anger in his eyes.

In the end, he snorted coldly, didn't speak, raised his hand, and a breeze blew by, and turned around and left with God Hua.

Before leaving, Dihua quietly cast a sorry look at Hou Yi.

But Houyi was paying attention to another thing, that is the talisman on Dihua's waist.

After Dihua left, Hou Yi also pulled out a talisman from his collar, which was almost exactly the same as the talisman on Dihua's waist.

"Strange, this talisman card of mine was given by Master, why would she have it? Could it be that she has met Master before?"

Thinking of Di Hua, Hou Yi felt an inexplicable feeling in his heart for some reason.

In the void, Lin Long saw all this good show in his eyes.

Looking at Hou Yi's dumbfounded look, he couldn't help but feel a little funny.

Although Di Hua was taken away by Di Jun and nothing happened with Hou Yi, Lin Long was not worried.

Through the conversation between the little girl and Di Jun, it can be understood that the little girl is not a fuel-efficient lamp. If she can escape from the Yaozu for the first time today, she will be able to escape for the second time tomorrow.

In the eyes of Lin Long Daozhitong, Di Hua and Hou Yi's cause and effect are already connected, and they will meet again soon.

Although the two of them haven't touched the Red Luan Star yet, it will be sooner or later.

"Then we'll see Hou Yi, that idiot."

Lin Long said with a slight smile, his figure slowly disappeared in the void.

In the blink of an eye, another hundred years.

In the Lingxiao Palace of the Monster Race World, a demon general was kneeling on the main hall, with a bit of fear on his face.

"Your Majesty, Your Majesty, the little princess, she's gone again."

Di Jun sat on the emperor's chair, closed his eyes, and his brows kept shaking.

In the past hundred years, Dihua would run out of the Yaozu small world every time he was not paying attention.

Moreover, her own daughter has hooked up with the boy from the Wu clan in the past hundred years.

Every time Di Jun wanted to find his daughter, he didn't have to go anywhere else. As long as he found that Wu clan boy, he would definitely find his daughter within a hundred miles.

As someone who has been there, how could Di Jun not know what his daughter was thinking.

"Oh, the female college is not allowed to stay."

Di Jun sighed and rubbed the center of his brows.

Although the relationship between the two Liches has been repaired a lot over the years, who knows how it will develop in the future?

Non-my family, its heart must be different!

In case my precious daughter really got together with that Wu clan kid, what would happen to the daughter caught in the middle if there were conflicts and frictions between the two clans in the future?

If that kid is a hero of the Yaozu, maybe Di Jun will make these two young people perfect.

However, the other party is a witch clan after all.

This matter is a bit difficult.

Di Jun was very happy that his daughter found someone he liked. Although he was reluctant to give up, he also knew that it would be a matter of time. As the Yaozu is a big family, there is no need for any marriage, let alone such a daughter.

To be honest, Di Jun still hopes that his daughter can choose the other half according to the choice in his heart.

The bad thing is that the other party is the witch clan!

But what can I do with you, my precious daughter!


		