

"Mobilize your ancestral witch blood immediately and knock down Buzhou Mountain!"

After Lin Long said a word, Houtu and Nuwa were stunned.

"Brother Lin, what did you just say? Let Houtu knock down Buzhou Mountain?"

Nuwa wondered if there was something wrong with her ears!

Knock down Buzhou Mountain? What are you kidding? This is the sacred mountain that Pan Gu's spine transformed into to support the heaven and the earth. If Buzhou Mountain collapses, the heaven and the earth will close together again!

What's more, this Buzhou Mountain is protected by the great power of Pan Gu, so it cannot be knocked down by living beings at all!

Not to mention Houtu who has just reached the quasi-sage realm, even if she Nuwa has become a saint, she would be a little bit precarious if she wanted to hit Buzhou Mountain!

"Yes, Lord Wushen? You just said that you knocked down Buzhou Mountain?"

Hou Tu also asked cautiously from the side.

Lin Long nodded and corrected: "What I'm talking about is to mobilize the power of Qianyuan from the earth to knock down Buzhou Mountain!"

Originally, Houtu should not have carried out the act of knocking down Buzhou Mountain, but now the Lich family wants to wait until the Lich fights so that Buzhou Mountain will collapse, it is impossible.

Therefore, Lin Long simply asked Houtu to do this, and at the same time mobilized the power of Qianyuan, so that the tunnel could be born earlier.

As Lin Long's voice fell, Nuwa and Houtu were finally convinced that they had heard correctly.

However, Nuwa still hesitated. With the strength of the earth in the future, even if the power of Qianyuan from the earth is mobilized, can it really knock down Buzhou Mountain?

Compared with Nuwa's hesitation, Houtu is much more straightforward.

After confirming Lin Long's order, Houtu did not hesitate, took a deep breath, and his eyes became extremely firm.

It was as if the Buzhou Mountain in front of me was like a gate, just waiting for her to break through it!

"Remember, don't forget the power of the earth Qianyuan!"

Lin Long reminded him again.

Houtu nodded, and said seriously: "Don't worry, Lord Wushen!"

Seeing this situation, Lin Long nodded slightly. At the same time, he did not stay idle, but directly transmitted his voice to Kunpeng: "Kunpeng, immediately bring the Beihai Xuangui to Buzhou Mountain. I need him for something!"

Kunpeng, who was in the North Sea Demon Master's Palace, suddenly trembled, and after hearing the sound transmission, his face suddenly showed excitement.

"It's the master! The master is calling me again!"

These years, Kunpeng has been undercover among the demon clan. Although he returned to the demon master's palace to practice from time to time, he never received orders from Lin Long.

Now that he heard Lin Long's sound transmission, he naturally didn't dare to delay for a moment, and hurried to the depths of the North Sea.

But in a short while, Kunpeng had arrived at the place where the black tortoise in the North Sea was.

The place in front of me, called Beihai Guixu, is a strange space that is independent from the prehistoric world but does not seem to be chaotic.

And at the entrance of this space, there is a mysterious tortoise with a height of tens of thousands of feet sleeping soundly.

The huge body shape brings an unparalleled sense of oppression. Even though Kunpeng has reached the quasi-sage realm, he already feels tremendous pressure in front of Xuangui.

"This guy is really talented!"

In the prehistoric world, there are not a few huge creatures, not to mention anything else, but the real body of the green wood dragon god Linlong is tens of thousands of feet long before he proves the Tao!

However, that is the result of cultivation.

But this mysterious turtle has grown to tens of thousands of feet without using any magical powers, which is not to say that it is not scary.

That is to say, this guy lives in the land of Guixu in the North Sea. If he runs to the prehistoric land, his every move will cause turmoil in the prehistoric land.

"Although I don't know why the master called you, but since the master has spoken, you should go with me!"

Kunpeng took a deep breath, calmed down the shock in his heart, and then said to Xuangui: "Beihai Xuangui, I am ordered by Lord Dragon God to take you to Buzhou Mountain, gather your breath quickly, and I will take you there!"

As Kunpeng's voice fell, the entrance to Guixu rumbled.

The black tortoise raised its huge eyelids, and with just one eye, its defecation and defecation was already equivalent to a huge lake.

Looking at Kunpeng again, it looked extremely small in front of Xuan Gui.

"Dragon God?"

When the black turtle opened its mouth, the seabed water suddenly surged violently, and the whole Guixu suddenly set off a stormy sea!

Kunpeng frowned slightly, and instantly stabilized his figure with the help of supernatural powers!

"That's right! It was Qingmu Dragon God who ordered me to take you to Mount Buzhou, follow me quickly!"

As the words fell, Xuan Gui nodded slightly, and another wave of shock was generated!

Although he has been staying in the depths of the North Sea, there are many aquariums around him acting as his eyes and ears, and he has some understanding of the things in the prehistoric, of course he knows who the Cyanwood Dragon God is.

There is no need for Kunpeng to waste any more words on this point.

The black turtle's physical body was restricted by the law of heaven, and it has been unable to transform into form. It can only appear in its real body. This is also a huge problem that has always plagued the black turtle.

He has been trying to find a solution, but no one can help him.

He has heard the name of the Qingmu Dragon God before, and he is the top power in the prehistoric world. He has been a top power since ancient times, and his cultivation level is not known how high it is now.

Perhaps, this mighty man has the means to help him transform himself.

What's more, the Cyanwood Dragon God sent someone to find him this time, he must have something to ask for, if he asks for the method of transformation, the Cyanwood Dragon God will most likely agree.

Thinking of this, Xuan Gui no longer resisted, and said: "Okay, I will go with you, but I am too big to change my body shape, and it depends on how you can take me away!"

Kunpeng narrowed his eyes slightly, and sized up Xuangui's tall body.

"Okay, today I will take you out of Beihai!"

Listening to Kunpeng's words, Xuangui showed a meaningful smile: "Hehe, then I'll have to work."

His real body can't be lifted by anyone who says it can be lifted!

This is also a test for Kunpeng.

Since Kunpeng was working for the Cyanwood Dragon God, he must have some skills. If he couldn't even lift himself away, it meant that Kunpeng was nothing more than that.

Even the Cyanwood Dragon God who commanded Kunpeng must be a person with a vain reputation.

Just as Xuangui was pondering, the aura on Kunpeng's body suddenly rose sharply, but it did not show Kunpeng's real body, but turned into a human form.

Today's Kunpeng has a bit more hostility, and the gloom on his face is a bit less.

Phases are born from the heart, this sentence is more appropriate for those who practice.

Ever since he followed Lin Long, Kunpeng has not played any tricks, so his mentality has gradually changed a lot.

In addition, he often listened to Lin Long's lectures in the Dragon God Realm, and there are really few people in the Dragon God Realm who can surpass Kunpeng.

In the Dragon God Realm, the Dragon God Dao handed down by Lin Long emphasizes both body and method cultivation, and takes the orthodox way of proving the Tao with strength.

It can be said that every monk in the Dragon God Realm who has practiced well has a power comparable to that of an ancestor witch!

And Kunpeng is one of the best!

Kunpeng's body flickered, and he came directly to the belly of the Xuangui. The next moment, a huge force suddenly rose from the bottom of the Xuangui!

The tortoise, which is tens of thousands of feet tall, was actually lifted by Kunpeng with both hands, and he forcibly lifted it out of the North Sea with his powerful magic power!

In an instant, it seemed as if a huge mountain rose from the surface of the North Sea!


On Buzhou Mountain's side, Lin Long watched Kunpeng's actions through Beihai, with a look of satisfaction on his face.

"That's right, Kunpeng hasn't been lazy all these years."

Seeing that Kunpeng had come towards Buzhou Mountain holding the black tortoise, Lin Long also looked at Houtu again, only to see that Houtu had already congealed his breath at this moment.

"Houtu, let's start!"

After Lin Long's words fell, Hou Tu nodded, took a deep breath, and mobilized the power of Qianyuan in his body, and then, like a cannonball, it burst out!

At this moment, the power of Qianyuan and the blood of the ancestral witch are being used to the extreme by Houtu!

If an ordinary creature dares to bump into Buzhou Mountain, let alone encountering it, even the coercion of Buzhou Mountain is enough to break its mind!

However, Hou Tu showed firmness at this moment, and under the pressure of Bu Zhou Shan, his eyes were already bloodshot and scarlet.

But even so, she didn't show any fear, she still rushed towards Buzhou Mountain with a strong fighting spirit!

bang——

An earth-shattering loud noise shook the heaven, earth and sky!

That majestic Buzhou Mountain was really smashed in the middle by Houtu!

"Lin, Brother Lin, Houtu really did it! She really knocked Buzhou Mountain down! The world is about to close, what should I do next?"

Nuwa's face was full of disbelief, she never expected that Houtu could really break Buzhou Mountain in half!

"Hehe, don't panic, the rescuers are here soon, aren't they?"

Lin Long smiled lightly, then suddenly stretched out his right hand!

The next moment, Kunpeng, who was holding the tortoise, felt a huge force grabbing the tortoise directly, and dragging himself to Buzhou Mountain forcibly!

At the same time, the figure of Daozu Hongjun also slowly emerged in midair.


		