

Seeing Lin Long's appearance, Hong Jun didn't continue to attack, but looked at Lin Long, his voice was full of hatred: "Hmph, Lin Long, you are finally willing to show your face!"

Lin Long waved at his disciples casually: "Okay, it's none of your business, if you want to discuss with Daozu, you have to practice harder."

"Yes, disciple understands."

Zhao Gongming and others nodded and said.

When Hongjun heard this, his expression became even uglier.

Lin Long's words seemed to be reprimanding several disciples, but they were actually referring to Sang scolding Huai.

Zhao Gongming and the others are just juniors, Lin Long actually said something that he wanted to discuss with himself, and he had to practice harder.

Doesn't that mean that he and his disciple are actually brothers?

What's wrong with me, my dignified Taoist ancestor, who is only worthy of being your disciple for the rest of his life?

However, Hongjun knew that he did not come here to have a verbal dispute with Lin Long today, so he snorted coldly and asked for accountability: "Lin Long, you and I made an agreement at the beginning. I preached to the wilderness, and you can't intervene! Now, you You have obstructed me over and over again! What are your intentions!"

"Daozu, where did you say that?"

Hearing this, Lin Long reacted inexplicably: "Isn't your orthodoxy passed on now, why do you say I blocked it? In other words, when did I stop it? What did I do?"

"you!"

Hongjun was extremely angry. Can the things between the two of them be brought to light?

Hongjun would be ashamed to say that he was a dignified patriarch who protected the media and helped to give birth to children?

"Hmph, it's useless to talk too much. It's been nearly ten thousand years since you and I fought each other last time. I'd like to see if you've improved!"

Hongjun knew that he couldn't beat Lin Long by talking loudly, so he stopped talking nonsense immediately, and the jade plate of fortune in his hand was shining brightly!

With the improvement of his cultivation base, the power of heaven that Hongjun can master becomes more and more powerful.

Even the good fortune jade plate has exerted a stronger power.

Lin Long looked at the good fortune jade plate in Hongjun's hand. The good fortune jade plate was also a fragment, but now it seemed to be complete.

Obviously, Hongjun also has the means to repair the good luck jade dish.

But it's a pity that Hongjun only collected 22 pieces of the 24 fragments of the good fortune jade plate, and the remaining two pieces are still in the hands of someone in Lin!

Moreover, Lin Long could see that the good fortune jade plate in Hongjun's hand could not last for too long in its complete state, and now he was only using the power of heaven to carry the power of the good fortune jade plate.

"Fellow Daoist Hongjun, it seems that your progress has not been great over the years."

Lin Long snorted softly, and slashed across the void, a long sword suddenly appeared in his hand, and then he slashed towards Hongjun.

This calm appearance is similar to Hongjun's when he first dealt with Zhao Gongming and others.

However, when Hongjun saw this sword, his complexion changed drastically, and he hurriedly used the lucky jade plate to block it!

hum!

Countless white lights spread out and turned into a barrier, trying to block Lin Long's sword.

But the next moment!

Hongjun suddenly felt that the fortune jade plate in his hand had stagnated for a moment.

It was at this moment that Lin Long easily grasped, the sword light was like a horse, and a sword suddenly cut through the barrier and landed on Hongjun.

puff! ! !

Hongjun spat out a mouthful of blood in mid-air, and his breath became weak.

Everything happens only between lightning and flint.

Countless Hong Huang Da Neng paid attention to this place, and all of them stared with disbelief at this moment.

Daozu Hongjun was actually defeated, and he lost so quickly and so thoroughly.

"What's going on? Ten thousand years ago, Daozu Hongjun and Qingmu Longshen fought back and forth!"

"Could it be that in the past ten thousand years, Aoki Dragon God has made another breakthrough!"

"My God! What realm are they now! The talent of the Aoki Dragon God is really terrifying!"

Most people in Honghuang knew that the Cyanwood Dragon God himself was also an innate being, the same as most innate beings.

He is the only one who could have achieved so much.

In addition to envy and jealousy, it is more admiration.

A sword forced Hongjun back, Lin Long did not take advantage of the victory to pursue, but scattered the long sword condensed by law in his hand, and asked with a smile.

"How is it? Daozu, do you want to fight again?"

Lin Long's meaning is obvious, now Hongjun is no longer his opponent.

Of course, it's not that Lin Long didn't want to kill Hongjun, but unfortunately, he couldn't do it now.

He has no way to obliterate Hongjun's primordial spirit, in other words, he can only defeat, but cannot kill.

Moreover, Lin Long had to be on guard against Hongjun, the sixth son, who broke the can and broke the jar. If he recklessly attacked the three clans or the Lich clan, it would take a lot of energy to defend himself.

Fortunately, Hongjun is still a little rational now, looking at Lin Long with vigilance and dignity.

"Aoki Dragon God, what method did you use just now?"

At that moment just now, Hongjun felt as if he was completely cut off from the Dao of Heaven.

The power of Heavenly Dao that circulated around the body also stagnated at that time.

Otherwise, I wouldn't have lost so quickly!

Of course, this injury could be fatal to other creatures, but for powers like Hongjun and Lin Long, they don't really care about it.

What really made Hongjun vigilant and concerned was Lin Long's methods!

The sword just now made Hongjun feel the danger!

Moreover, the other party actually has the means to isolate the power of heaven!

He was not sure how many times Lin Long could use such a method.

In other words, does Lin Long have similar and stronger means?

The power of heaven is Hongjun's foundation, and it can be regarded as one of his trump cards.

Now that there is a problem, if Hongjun says he is not nervous, that is definitely a lie.

Lin Long smiled lightly when he heard this.

"Hongjun, even if I tell you, you won't believe me, so let's forget it."

"You can't move Dragon God Island today."

"If it wasn't for me intending to temper the junior, I'm afraid it would be difficult for you to find the Dragon God Realm."

"How? Should we leave or continue?"

Lin Long looked unhurried.

Anger rose in Hongjun's heart, but he had nothing to do with Lin Long, so he could only snort coldly in the end: "Hmph, I have written down what happened today."

He didn't bother anymore, because it was pointless.

Although today's incident was a mess, it was not to the point of killing people.

Coupled with Lin Long's sudden display that this strange method can isolate the power of heaven, Hongjun had no choice but to give up.

What was thought to be an earth-shattering battle ended in such an anticlimactic manner. Countless prehistoric and powerful people did not expect such a situation.

Why the two fought is unknown.

But since then, Lin Long's strength has been re-recognized by those powerful people again!

The strength of this Qingmu Dragon God has far surpassed everyone's imagination. This is no longer comparable to Daozu, but an existence that can crush Daozu!

Didn't Daozu come excitedly, but was defeated by Qingmu Longshen with a single sword?

I thought Daozu Hongjun had great means!

The result is the humiliation that comes to your door.


Lin Long waved his hand casually, and the Dragon God Realm disappeared again.

At this moment, countless prehistoric and powerful men reacted.

"Dragon God Realm, Dragon God Realm is in Beihai!"

"Don't grab it, I want to worship under the Dragon God!"

"Damn, you dare to say that you are worshiping under the Dragon God's sect, only I can get this honor by waiting for this kind of follower!"

Countless prehistoric powers scrambled towards the North Sea.

Under the North Sea, in the demon master's palace, Kunpeng smiled wryly.

"Master Dragon God, you really will cause trouble for others."

Today, the Dragon God Realm showed a wave of strength in front of everyone in the wild.

In the future, without even thinking about it, Beihai will inevitably become one of the holy places explored by countless prehistoric beings.

After all, whoever is lucky enough to join Lin Long's sect is equivalent to ascending to heaven in one step.

Kunpeng felt a little rejoiced suddenly.

It wasn't necessarily a bad thing for me to be contracted by Lin Long at the beginning, but now it looks like a chance.

In just half a day's work, countless creatures had already come densely over the North Sea, looking for the entrance to the Dragon God Realm.

There are also many creatures who are like a pilgrimage, making a pilgrimage to the North Sea, muttering something like kneeling down to ask the Dragon God to show up.

Of course, it was impossible for Lin Long to appear.

Kunpeng in the palace looked at these guys and couldn't help but sneered: "They're all a bunch of delusional guys."


		