

"Give me an order to abolish Guangchengzi's position as Immortal Master of the human race from now on, and the human race will no longer welcome him from today!"

As soon as Fuxi's voice fell, Yuanshi Tianzun clearly felt that the luck of explaining education has dropped a lot, and that Guangchengzi has directly increased a lot of karma!

"This idiot!"

Yuan Shi Tianzun scolded the street in his heart, wishing he could just throw Guang Chengzi here.

However, in the final analysis, this Guangchengzi is also the head of the Twelve Golden Immortals of Chanjiao. Yuanshi Tianzun glanced at Lin Long, and then at Lao Tzu standing beside Hongjun.

In the end, he nodded at Lin Long, and took Guang Chengzi away with complicated emotions.

"Thank you, Lord Dragon God, this time."

The Master Tongtian also cupped his hands at Lin Long, and said, "Lord Dragon God's attainments in the way of swordsmanship and formation are really impressive. Tongtian admires him. If there is a chance in the future, Tongtian will definitely come to ask for advice."

Regarding the two great ways of swordsmanship and formation, Tongtian has always felt that he is quite talented. However, compared with Lin Long's Heaven and Earth Sword Furnace, which combines swordsmanship and formation, Tongtian feels that his cultivation and attainments are really beyond his reach. up.

Therefore, when he said that he had the opportunity to visit Lin Long for advice, he was not empty words, but he really wanted to find an opportunity to visit Lin Long and see if he could ask for advice. This would be of great benefit to his cultivation.

"If you have a chance, you go to the Dragon God Realm, and someone will welcome you."

Lin Long smiled and nodded, but did not refuse.

Na Tongtian hummed, then turned and left.

Seeing that there was no more excitement here, the western duo looked at Lin Long cautiously.

Before the two could speak, Lin Long chuckled lightly and said, "You two, don't make any small plans, otherwise, if I catch you, be careful that you will lose your holy seat!"

For these two guys, Lin Long naturally doesn't pay attention to them now, but when it's time to beat them, naturally they have to beat them.

Then again, beating is beating, but it can't smooth out the spirit of these two guys all at once.

Otherwise, how to use them?

Sure enough, after hearing Lin Long's words, these two guys were shocked immediately, and quickly explained: "Lord Dragon God has misunderstood, and my two brothers dare not have other thoughts, so they plan to go back to the West."

"Go!"

Lin Long waved his hand, these two fellows were amnestied, they didn't dare to stay any longer, they immediately flew back to the west, and didn't dare to stay in the east to cause trouble.

"Hmph, these two guys obviously want to split Dongfang this time. Brother Lin, why do you let them go? In my opinion, just kill them!"

Nuwa looked at the back of the western duo leaving, and snorted dissatisfiedly.

However, Lin Long reached out and touched Nuwa's little head, and said with a smile: "The two of them have the blessing of western luck. If they are really killed, it will not be of any benefit to the heavens or the prehistoric world."

Of course he couldn't tell Nu Wa the real situation, otherwise, his tall and stalwart figure would probably be a section shorter.

After saying a word, Lin Long turned his head to look at Hongjun again, and said, "Luo Hui, speaking of it, the West was your main business back then, and the West was also your territory. Now that you have returned, do you have any other plans?"

Hongjun snorted, and a strange voice came out of his mouth: "Now I have no entity, if you are willing to help me plan a body, I can help you get rid of these two villains, and don't let you bear any karma, how?"

A cold and arrogant tone came out of Hongjun's mouth, not to mention how weird it was.

However, Lin Long just raised his eyebrows and didn't say much.

Luo Hu is extremely dangerous. If he really got a physical body, maybe this old boy will do something wrong. Therefore, before Lin Long has no means to completely check and balance this old boy, it is definitely impossible for him to take the initiative to help Luo Hu get it. What body.

Afterwards, Lin Long looked at Lao Tzu who had never left.

At this moment, Lao Tzu's heart is also constantly fluctuating.

Today he chose to side with Hongjun and betrayed his brother.

In the future, I'm afraid there will be no more Sanqingyi in the prehistoric world!

But having said that, Lin Long actually knew that Sanqing would separate sooner or later, because Kunlun Mountain could not carry the blessings of the three saints together.

But what he didn't expect was that Lao Tzu would be so realistic and bring things to this point.

Up to now, everything is irreversible. After all, the rift between the three Qings has already occurred. Even if Lao Tzu or Yuan Shi wants to treat today's events as non-existent, it is impossible.

"Hey, I hope the master will not break his promise, the disciple is leaving."

Laozi sighed, cupped his hands at Hongjun, and then turned to leave.


"Master Witch God, everything is over, there are still many things to deal with in the tunnel, so I won't stay any longer."

Houtu bowed to Lin Long, just as humble and polite as before before he was sanctified.

And that Nuwa also hurriedly said: "Sister Houtu, wait a moment, I will walk with you."

These two are extremely smart women, and they can tell that Lin Long still has something to discuss with Hong Jun, and it is inappropriate for them to stay here.

Lin Long nodded and watched the two girls leave.

Soon, only Lin Long, Luo Hu, Hong Jun, and Blood Demon God remained among the lively group of people just now.

"This place is not a place to talk, why don't you come to my Zixiao Palace to have a talk."

Hongjun took a deep look at Lin Long, and then spoke.

Lin Long nodded, and the Blood Demon God obediently followed behind Lin Long, even heading towards Zixiao Palace.

With their cultivation base strength, it is only a blink of an eye to come to Zixiao Palace.

After arriving at Zixiao Palace, Hongjun looked at the Blood Demon God with a complex expression, and said, "I never thought that you would be the first to be resurrected."

Those present were all sensible people, and he didn't bother to play any more riddles, and directly exposed the identity of the Blood Demon God.

"Hehe, I still think who is the Chaos Demon God surviving in this chaotic world. It turns out that it is the two of you, Luo Hu and Hongjun!"

With a smile on the pretty face of the Blood Demon God, he said, "Speaking of which, Hongjun, your major is the way of good fortune. What is this messy mana now? And Luo Hu, why? Did you lose even your physical body?"

After saying this sentence, the expressions of Hong Jun and Luo Hu immediately darkened.

This bitch really knows how to stab a knife in a wound!

Back then when he was still the Chaos Demon God, what Hongjun majored in was actually the same as Nuwa, which was the way of good fortune.

But after Pangu opened the sky, Hongjun had doubts about the way of good fortune he had practiced, and later obtained the jade plate of good fortune, so he simply began to practice many ways at the same time, and finally chose the way of integrating the way of heaven.

It's a pity that because of Lin Long's appearance, the way to integrate the Dao of Heaven was completely blocked.

In desperation, Hongjun can only pick up the old path of the past now, which is why he has created the current messy mana aura.

As for Luo Hu's loss of a physical body, it has nothing to do with Lin Long.

During the battle between Dao and Demon, Lin Longke had been quietly hiding aside, wanting to make some money, but in the end it was Hongjun himself who forced Luo Hu to blew himself up!

Luo Hu has always been arrogant, and this matter has always been a thorn in his heart. Now that the blood demon god said this, Luo Hu couldn't help but let out a cold snort.

Seeing Hongjun's old face was so gloomy but he didn't speak, the Blood Demon God probably guessed that these two guys had something embarrassing to say, so he couldn't help but giggled: "Hehe, it seems that something happened in the prehistoric A lot of interesting things."

"Okay, I'm here to talk about business!"

Seeing that both Hongjun and Luohu looked gloomy as if they had fallen into a latrine, Lin Long stopped the Blood Demon God from continuing to speak at the right time.

Otherwise, if she was allowed to continue stabbing Luo Hu and Hongjun like this, maybe these two guys would become angry and start fighting.

At that time, if I can't stand it alone and slaughter these two guys, I will lose a lot of help.

Seeing that the Blood Demon God obeyed Lin Long's words and stopped speaking, Luo Hu and Hong Jun also snorted coldly, with gloomy faces, ignoring the sharp-toothed Blood Demon God.

"Lin Long, it seems that the Blood Demon God has chosen to follow you, so you must already know some things."

Hongjun said.

Lin Long shook his head and said lightly, "It depends on what it is."

This old guy Hongjun is old and mature, who knows if he has any secrets hidden in his heart? Anyway, there is nothing to lose by cheating him.

It's a pity that Hongjun didn't fall for the trick, but hummed: "Hmph, of course it's about the origin of the way of heaven!"

"Originally, I planned to integrate the Dao of Heaven with myself to completely block the Great Desolation and isolate it from Chaos. At that time, even if the Great Dao is destroyed, the Great Desolation can still be preserved, but because of you, this opportunity has been completely shattered."

"I can feel that the chaos is extremely dangerous now, and it seems that some disaster is about to come. Let alone me and Hongjun, even you, Lin Long, may not be able to escape!"

"Let's think about what to do first. Just now, Luo Hu and I have discussed it. We agree that now we should put aside the previous grievances and work together to overcome the current difficulties."

Since he had already decided to join forces with Lin Long, Hongjun didn't make a show of it, and made clear his position and meaning as soon as he came up.

"It's not impossible to join forces, but before that, I have something to ask you."

Lin Long pondered for a moment, and asked, "How many origins of the Dao of Heaven are in your hands now?"

As soon as these words came out, even the blood demon god next to him looked at Hongjun, and the charming look of laughing and laughing before was gone, replaced by a solemn expression.

Because this is related to whether everyone can truly cooperate in the future!


		