

"Ex, senior, what are you talking about? What windfall?"

At this moment, Nuwa no longer had the petty temper she had before, instead she looked a little timid, following Lin Long's gaze, but couldn't see anything: "What are you looking at?"

"Sure enough, only strength can win respect."

Lin Long also smiled to himself, but it was Fuxi who was relatively polite: "Don't blame me, senior. My little sister is new to the world and doesn't understand many things. I can get the treasure smoothly this time, thanks to senior!"

"According to the previous agreement, the Nine Heavens Breathing Soil belongs to the seniors, and the seniors can also choose one of these innate gourd seeds."

As he said that, Fuxi took out the six gourds, congenital gourd vines and Jiutianxi soil, and placed them in front of Lin Long, ready to fulfill the agreement.

However, Lin Long was stunned for a moment, then smiled, and waved his hand generously at Fuxi: "Forget it, I don't want the gourd anymore. Didn't I already accept a gourd before? It's just that the nine-day breath Soil, it's mine!"

The Fuxi brothers and sisters naturally didn't notice that Lin Long was stunned for a moment, but they said stubbornly with regret: "Senior, how can this be done? We have already agreed before that my brothers and sisters have seen the gourd you put away. Defective products may be useless at all, and the remaining ones are the embryos of high-grade innate spirit treasures, with a little refining, you can refine a high-grade innate spirit treasure according to your own wishes!"

Nu Wa also whispered from the side: "Yeah, senior has helped so much, but only took a defective product, let me... we brothers and sisters go so well."

Seeing that the brother and sister insisted on letting him take more, Lin Long's eyes flashed with reluctance, but he still shook his head, waved his hands and said, "Okay, okay, don't say any more, although the gourd I got is It’s just a defective product, but I think it has great potential, maybe if I cultivate it a little bit, it will be more useful than all of you gourds, so let’s treat it as my loss.”

Speaking of this, Lin Long turned his eyes away from those gourds, and just put away the Nine Heavens Breathing Soil.

Seeing that this senior is so "high-minded and upright", if the Fuxi brothers and sisters continue to persist, they will be at a loss, and they can only put away the remaining few congenital gourds with a little regret.

"Then, this time, I would like to thank senior for letting the treasure. If senior has any troubles in the future, you can find my brother and sister, and I will definitely not refuse!"

Nuwa on the side heard her brother say this, and immediately shook her ponytails, her little head nodded like a chicken pecking at rice: "Yes, yes, yes, that's what I mean too."

Waiting for this sentence!

A smile appeared on Lin Long's face, and he said, "Forget it, don't call me seniors. My name is Lin Long. In terms of age, I don't think you are too old. You can call me by my name, just call me big brother." also may!"

Does he really not want gourds and gourd vines?

of course not!

It's just that the gourd vine and innate gourd are not like other treasures, they involve too much cause and effect.

With Lin Long's current strength, it is completely impossible to erase these causes and effects.

Therefore, he could only reluctantly leave these gourds and gourd vines to the Fuxi brothers and sisters.

but……

Even if I can't get these gourds and gourd vines, I have to let their brothers and sisters owe me a cause and effect!

Maybe someday, it will come in handy!

"Since that's the case, my brother and sister will climb high!"

The two brothers and sisters were very sensible at the moment, they immediately cupped their hands at Lin Long and called them Big Brother Lin.

The relationship between the three is thus closer.

"Hahahaha, coming to Buzhou Mountain this time, getting to know the two of you is a worthwhile trip."

Lin Long laughed and said sincerely, if it is true, no matter whether it is the innate gourd vine, seven gourds or the nine-day breath soil, none of them can compare to Nuwa's one karma!

You know, Nuwa is destined to become a saint in the future!

The karma owed by the sage, how big a sharp sword must this be?

"Brother Lin, my younger sister has offended you a lot before, and even treated you as a swindler, please don't blame me!"

At this time, Nuwa's temper had completely changed, and she even stuck out her tongue playfully at Lin Long.

"Hehe, it's okay, I can see that you have no malicious intentions."

Lin Long laughed.

And Fuxi who was beside him pondered for a moment, and suggested: "Brother Lin, if you have nothing to do, why don't you come to the ashram of my brother and sister, and we can discuss it later, how about it?"

Hearing this, Lin Long was instantly moved.

Whether it is Fuxi's divination technique or Nuwa's way of good fortune, all of them have great merits.

With my full level of comprehension, it should be no problem to comprehend these two laws when discussing the Tao!

If you don't overwhelm yourself with too many skills, who would think that you have too many laws and supernatural powers?

"That's right, Brother Lin, our dojo is not far from here, and there is nothing left and right, why don't you go to our dojo."

Nu Wa also looked at Lin Long eagerly.

However, as soon as these words were uttered, Fuxi's face suddenly changed, and he glanced at Nuwa strangely.

But Nuwa and Lin Long didn't notice Fuxi's expression.

"Alright, since that's the case, then I'll bother you."


Because of the presence of heavy treasures in Buzhou Mountain, creatures kept coming to Buzhou Mountain, but in the end they all returned without success.

Only the creature holding the jade plate of good fortune hides everywhere, but no matter how deep he hides, he always feels as if there is an eye staring at him, and he is in constant fear.

But at this moment, Lin Long, who was watching him with the pupils of the Dao, had already arrived in the ashram with the Fuxi brothers and sisters.

Getting to know each other along the way, the relationship between the three of them has also become more familiar.

Only Fuxi looked at Nuwa and then at Lin Long with a strange look on his face.

My younger sister seems to have changed her attitude towards her senior, isn't it too big?

That is to say, Lin Long didn't comprehend the law of the mind and didn't know Fuxi's mind, otherwise he would definitely sneer, woman, it will only affect the speed of my sneak attack!

"By the way, I suddenly remembered something."

At this moment, Nuwa suddenly raised her head and looked at Lin Long eagerly: "Brother Lin, you seemed to be looking at something just now, and you said that you had some unexpected gains. You must not be talking about these gourds... what is going on?"

Seeing Nu Wa's face eating melons, Lin Long smiled faintly, and said, "Actually, it's not a big deal. Just now, not long after I waited for the three of us to leave, some creatures used the law of cause and effect to deduce us, and I discovered it. "

"what?!"

What Lin Long said was an understatement, but Nuwa and Fuxi were taken aback.

There are still people who know the law of cause and effect!

Now, is the law of cause and effect so worthless?

What's more, the innate gourd vine they got is the best innate spiritual root. If people find out, although their brothers and sisters are not afraid, it will be very troublesome.

What's more, in addition to the innate gourd vine, there are six gourds!

If this news gets out, there may be many troubles coming to your door!

However, seeing their expressions, Lin Long could guess what they were thinking without even using his magical powers. He smiled and said, "Don't worry, when he was investigating just now, I have broken his magical powers and wiped them away." Except for that part of cause and effect, no matter how you calculate it, it is impossible to calculate it on us."

He didn't say anything about the good fortune jade plate. It's their business that the Fuxi brothers and sisters are willing to misunderstand that others have practiced the law of karma. It's best to find a way to get this kind of thing.

The pupil of the Dao has been staying on the creature, and he has calculated that the person cannot escape from his palm, so he is not in a hurry.

"That's right, Brother Lin, you have a very high attainment in the law of karma. Other creatures use the law of karma in front of you, and they are just asking for trouble."

Only then did the Fuxi brothers and sisters realize that this one is an expert in the law of cause and effect!

While speaking, the three of them had already descended from the clouds and arrived at the dojo of Fuxi brother and sister.

"Brother Lin, here we are. This is my elder brother's dojo. How about it? It's not bad, right? Just wait for a while, I have a lot of spiritual fruits in reserve, and I will use them to entertain Brother Lin!"

Back on her own territory, Nu Wa looked more lively.

And Lin Long nodded slightly, looking sideways at the dojo in front of him.

This place is located on the main peak of Buzhou Mountain, with abundant aura, it can be regarded as a rare paradise.

Standing beside Lin Long, Fu Xi continued to introduce the wonders of Mount Buzhou to Lin Long. After not much effort, Nu Wa rushed back with a lot of spiritual fruits.

It's also fortunate that this little lolita has the cultivation base of Da Luo Jinxian, otherwise, if she runs so fast, all the fruits in her arms will not be spilled out.

"Brother Lin, hurry up and taste it. I saw that you have been looking for spiritual roots and fruits before. You must like this kind of thing. I bought some more on purpose. You should try it..."

Nuwa was extremely enthusiastic, while Fuxi looked at his younger sister, the corners of his eyes twitched slightly.

This sister, you won't lose it...


		