

"Brother Lin, let's not talk about this, I believe that with your aptitude, you can definitely surpass those guys!"

Nu Wa hugged Lin Long's arm, and said with a coquettish expression, "There is nothing wrong with you right now, why don't you tell us something interesting about the prehistoric world."

Seeing Nu Wa who was already a young girl, Lin Long shook his head helplessly.

I thought that the Nuwa in the period of the little lolita with twin tails was difficult enough, but I didn't expect that the Nuwa in the girlhood next door seemed to be even more difficult.

I don't know when it's time for a mature woman...

Shaking his head and throwing out some unsuitable images in his mind, Lin Long knew that if he didn't say anything, Nuwa would not let it go easily. After pondering for a while, Lin Long decided to tell this little girl about the dragon and Han calamity Some anecdotes about her can be regarded as broadening her horizons.

"Okay, okay, don't sway, and sit down honestly, I will tell you now, do you know the reason for this tribal tribulation?"

Nüwa tilted her head: "I heard from elder brother Fuxi that the reason for this dispute is because the ambitions of the dragon clan, the phoenix clan, and the kylin clan are inflated and mutually intolerant."

"That's just one of them."

Lin Long shook his head and said: "This explanation is correct, and it is not correct. The three clans are indeed very ambitious, but there are other reasons that really make them fight fiercely in the end."

Immediately, Lin Long considered his words for a moment, and like a storyteller, he explained how Luo Hu divided the three clans, how to teach the three clans how to improve their strength, how to sit on the mountain and watch the tigers fight, and how to use the three clans. .

Anyway, these things are not secrets in the prehistoric world, and Lin Long has no scruples when talking about them.

While Nuwa and Fuxi were listening, their eyes widened from time to time, and they exclaimed from time to time, their faces full of unbelievable disbelief.

In this prehistoric world, there is such a thing.

After a long while, Fu Xi finally couldn't help but speak when he heard that the three clans were controlled by Luo Hu and were fighting with Hong Jun.

"I really didn't expect that there are so many secret things in the dragon and phoenix catastrophe. If you didn't tell us, big brother, we probably wouldn't know it at all."

Nuwa kept nodding her head on the sidelines: "Yes, yes..."

Speaking of this, Nuwa glanced at Fuxi again, and muttered: "It seems that Brother Lin knows more things..."

Fu Xi was stunned for a moment when he heard this, and then he came to his senses.

"You girl..."

The meaning of this girl's words is to say that she is inaccurate in divination!

Because Fuxi had predicted this great catastrophe, but in his hexagrams, there were only three clans fighting for the front, but he did not deduce that there were two tyrannical figures like Hongjun and Luohu.

It's strange to say that Fuxi is extremely confident in his divination skills, even if the opponent's cultivation level is higher than his own, he shouldn't be unable to calculate.

"Brother, what is going on?"

Fu Xi looked at Lin Long naturally.

Because Fuxi knew that when it came to the understanding of divination techniques, Lin Long was still above him.

Now that I have encountered a strange thing, I naturally want to ask Lin Long to explain the reason.

Unknowingly, the two brothers and sisters had formed a subconscious habit. When Lin Long was around, they would turn to Lin Long for things they didn't know how to deal with, and they had formed a kind of dependence.

Lin Long also understood Fu Xi's meaning, and said with a calm smile: "Actually, you can't guess that these two are normal, because they are not prehistoric creatures. Didn't I say that they are Chaos Demon Gods? Your divination speculates about the prehistoric world." Naturally, there is no problem."

"Besides, each of these two has spirit treasure protection. It is impossible for you to speculate without even a clue."

"As for me, your divination skills are inferior to mine. If I don't want to, you will naturally not be able to guess it."

Lin Long explained to Fuxi what the reason was, and Fuxi was naturally shocked when he heard it.

Although he didn't say anything before, Fuxi was still proud in his heart.

He thought that by virtue of his divination skills, even if he did not leave Buzhou Mountain, he would be able to know the prehistoric world.

But now, Lin Long has taught himself a solid lesson. In front of such top-notch powers as Lin Long, the technique of making up calculations that he is proud of has no effect at all.

Seeing Fuxi bowing his head in thought, Lin Long also smiled helplessly. He had tried his best to restrain his words, but he still hit Fuxi unexpectedly.

However, Fuxi's innate way of gossip has not achieved great success at the moment, and when the way of divination is cultivated to a very high level in the future, he can predict all fortunes in the prehistoric world.

This technique is not much worse than causal deduction!

"Fuxi, you don't have to be discouraged. You have very high aptitude in divination. Although I may be one step ahead of you now, as long as you give you time, you will soon catch up."

"If there is an opportunity in the future, you can walk around and look around without leaving home. After all, your knowledge and experience will be shallow."

Hearing Lin Long's explanation, Fuxi nodded, and said solemnly: "Yes, Fuxi has memorized Brother Lin's teachings."

Nuwa at the side turned her big watery eyes, as if thinking of something, she leaned forward again.

"Hee hee, Brother Lin, last time I said I was going to travel to the wilderness, you refused to let me go, can you take me out this time?"

From the looks of it, this little girl, Nuwa, must have been exhausted.

Now that the battle between the three clans has ended, although there will be a battle between Na Hongjun and Luo Hu, it will not involve innate creatures like Nuwa Fuxi.

In today's flood, there is really no danger for the time being.

Lin Long thought for a while, just to be on the safe side, he broke off a branch, and the branch changed in Lin Long's hands, turning into a token in the blink of an eye.

It has a touch of the power of a green dragon attached to it.

"Okay, since you want to go out for a stroll, go out and have a look. If you encounter any trouble, you can crush this wooden sign, and I will arrive in time to rescue you."

"Let's say it first, you can only use it when it is critical, otherwise there will be no good things in the future."

After getting Lin Long's things, Nu Wa beamed with joy, and even kissed Lin Long's face, leaving a light lip mark.

"Nonsense!"

Fuxi glared at Nuwa, but Nuwa was not afraid at all, as if she didn't understand anything.

It was Lin Long who coughed lightly in embarrassment.

"Ahem, well, Nuwa, you have grown up, you can't be so ignorant of etiquette in the future."

"Fuxi, this wooden plaque is for you."

"I've been here in Buzhou Mountain for a while, and it's time to leave. It just so happens that you brothers and sisters want to travel, so we'll see you later."

After Lin Long finished speaking, he turned into a green dragon and disappeared into the sky.

Seeing Lin Long's fleeing figure, Fu Xi then looked at Nu Wa and glared.

"It's all so big..."

I thought that Nuwa didn't understand this kind of thing, but Fu Xi saw that Nuwa's face was blushing in the middle of his sentence, and he couldn't continue the second half of the sentence.

Well, what I was worried about happened in the end.

Where is this ignorance or incomprehension? It's clear that you understand too well!

Maybe it wasn't just out of joy, maybe this little girl kissed Lin Long on purpose!

"Ugh."

As a result, Fuxi couldn't say anything more, shook his head and put away the wooden sign: "It seems that we should go out for a walk."

"Little sister, set up some barriers outside the dojo, let's leave."

Nuwa nodded.

"Well, I also want to travel to the wild as soon as possible, and improve my strength quickly, so I can't be left behind by Brother Lin too much."


		