

"Friends of Daoist calculations! But, after the calculations are over, you want to leave like this, don't you think Wu Guangchengzi is too low?!"

Hearing Guang Chengzi's angry voice, Yun Xiao looked back and saw Guang Chengzi standing not far away with a cold expression.

Obviously, the comer is not good.

But Yun Xiao was not panicked at all.

After all, she had already been mentally prepared.

Before helping Fuxi, she knew that as long as Guang Chengzi wasn't really stupid to the extreme, he would definitely find himself.

You know, the current human race doesn't have so many flamboyants. If they don't even realize that there is an expert to help them, then Guang Chengzi, a disciple of the sage, will really do it for nothing.

"The immortal master called to stop the old man, but what orders do you have?"

Seeing that Yunxiao was still pretending, Guang Chengzi was full of anger, walked up to Yunxiao, and shouted: "Huh! Stop pretending, who are you! Why did you come to the human race!"

He was so angry, since he embarked on the road of cultivation, since when did he, Guang Chengzi, suffer such a big loss?

I lost face in front of so many people just now, no matter what, I have to get it back!

If it weren't for the old woman in front of me, how could I have caused such a big disaster for the interpretation? !

"You old woman, it is a serious crime to deceive the human race! Leaving aside this matter for the time being, it is said that you dare to scheme against the disciples of the saints, and you will die forever!"

Hearing Guang Chengzi's furious voice, Yun Xiao couldn't help laughing.

This Guang Chengzi is not useless, at least, he is still so careless.

This guy got himself into trouble, but looking at the meaning of these words now, is he planning to find someone to take the blame?

In fact, Guang Chengzi really planned that in his heart.

This time the matter is so big, if it spreads in the future, it may be how other human races and prehistoric races will spread it.

These mortals are easy to deal with, and they can be fooled with a few words, but the other races in the wild are not so easy to deal with.

If people knew about it, they would be able to easily guess that he was not testing the human race, but because of the situation, he had no choice but to follow Fuxi's statement, saying that he was testing the human race.

What the hell spread out in Hong Huang, it was like pressing Guang Chengzi's face to the ground and stomping on it!

Absolutely can't bear it!

Therefore, it is absolutely necessary to find someone who is responsible for the blame!

Isn't this old woman just the right size and length? It's not for nothing, and by the way, you can let yourself vent your anger!

As for the other party's identity, Guang Chengzi didn't care.

Even if the other party is also a saint disciple, so what? Can it be compared to the head of the Twelve Golden Immortals?

You can still overwhelm the opponent!

"Old lady! Reveal your true body and follow me to the human race to accept your crime and plead guilty, and I will spare your life!"

Guang Chengzi stared at Yun Xiao domineeringly, and in his tone, it seemed that he could easily handle the old woman in front of him.

However, Yun Xiao smiled, and slowly said: "Master Immortal was joking, I don't know where the old man's crime is? Even if you want to admit punishment, you have to make it clear, don't you?"

"Humph!"

How could Guang Chengzi make it clear that I want you to take the blame?

Therefore, he stopped talking to Yunxiao, and sacrificed the male and female swords given by Yuanshi Tianzun before he went down the mountain. Although this sword is not an innate spiritual treasure, it is also a top-quality acquired spiritual treasure, which can be regarded as a sharp weapon!

With this sword, Guangchengzi can fight against the peak of Taiyi Golden Immortal in the early stage of Taiyi Golden Immortal.

The old woman in front of me must be a disciple of the other saints. After all, the three emperors and five emperors of the human race are the sole responsibility of the saints.

But the way of heaven is bound, and the sage cannot do it himself.

Therefore, they will definitely send disciples under their sect to take action, but they don't know which saint's sect this old woman in front of her is.

However, as long as he suppresses the annoying old woman in front of him, he will have the final say on what will happen then?

As for being unable to see through the cultivation of the old woman in front of him, Guang Chengzi hadn't thought about it.

In the prehistoric world, there are many spiritual treasures that can hide their cultivation. It is not strange for Guang Chengzi to think that he cannot see through them.

After all, among the sects of several saints, he, Guang Chengzi, was already considered to have advanced cultivation.

He doesn't believe that there are other saints who have a higher level of cultivation than him!

Therefore, Guang Chengzi, who had fallen into a misunderstanding from the very beginning, never thought about the fact that the other party had a higher level of cultivation than himself.

From the beginning to the end, Guang Chengzi did not expect that the other party did not have any hidden spiritual treasures, but simply because the realm was too high, Guang Chengzi could not see through it.

Moreover, for other powerful people, they dare not offend the saint, but for the people of the Dragon God Realm, the saint, hehe.

What's more, if you start counting from the seniority of Lin Long and Hongjun, the current Yunxiao is still the same generation as the saint!

Therefore, Yun Xiao straightened his hunched body, and said lightly: "Master Immortal, I think it's better not to do anything about this matter."

This Guang Chengzi is full of karma, to be honest, Yun Xiao really doesn't want to fight with him, so as to save himself from getting dirty.

However, Guang Chengzi took these words as Yun Xiao's weakness: "Hmph, don't do it? If you just arrest you, my immortal master will naturally not do it."

He is determined to use Yun Xiao as a scapegoat!

"Oh, you can't live without committing evil!"

Yun Xiao shook his head. Back then, Master told Yao Emperor Jun to help the sage select disciples, and it was indeed correct to put heart and nature first.

This Guang Chengzi's current level of cultivation is not low among the saint's disciples, even in the top row.

But this character is really hard to describe.

Yun Xiao actually didn't particularly care about the merits of the Emperor.

She just followed the orders of her master Lin Long and completed the task. If Guang Chengzi did it properly, Yun Xiao didn't even mind giving him some merit.

But Guang Chengzi chose to kill himself, so no wonder Yun Xiao.

Yun Xiao has a gentle temper, but that doesn't mean he's willing to be bullied.

Now that Guang Chengzi was pressing on every step of the way, Yun Xiao shook his head, and his aura slowly increased.

Although she still looked like an old woman, looking at her now, she looked like two completely different people.

A trace of uneasiness began to grow in Guangchengzi's heart.

The old woman in front of him actually made him feel a little dangerous.

"Huh, pretending to be a ghost! I will take you down and wait for the saint to deal with it!"

Guang Chengzi shouted angrily to build up his courage, and attacked with a sword! In the end, he played a trick, trying to use the name of a saint to overwhelm Yunxiao.

However, Yun Xiao snorted coldly, and said, "You're overestimating your capabilities, since you're obsessed with your obsession, then I don't have to save you any face!"

Facing the male and female swords in Guang Chengzi's hands, Yun Xiao waved a glow lightly!

Immediately, the fierce sword light disintegrated instantly, and immediately, Xiaguang's momentum remained undiminished, and he stabbed directly at Guang Chengzi!

"not good!"

Guang Chengzi was shocked, this attack was much stronger than he thought!

Sunshine shrouded him, and he felt as if he had nowhere to hide!

"I am a disciple of a sage, how dare you be presumptuous!"

In desperation, Guang Chengzi's voice seemed to become sharper.

And this kind of movement also alarmed Fuxi in the group.

Fuxi had just calmed down a group of people, and after hearing the commotion here, his heart sank, and he secretly thought something was wrong.

"It's broken, something happened!"

That Immortal Master Guangchengzi has a bad temper, Fuxi has experienced this in the past ten years, this time the other party lost such a big face, he must have guessed something, although he can't do anything to him, but he probably will settle the score with the old man up!

"Hmph, such a behavior, you are really a villain, how can you become an immortal master of the human race!"

"After this incident, even if you hate the saint, you must let Guang Chengzi go!"

While making a decision in his heart, Fuxi hurried towards the direction of the voice.

As soon as he arrived at the place, Fuxi was dumbfounded when he saw the scene in front of him.

"This……"

I saw that Guang Chengzi, who used to be invincible and aloof, is now like a crab tied with five flowers, tightly bound by a silk ribbon turned into a rainbow, unable to move.

And the male and female swords fell to the ground, making whimpers, as if they were also afraid.

In Guang Chengzi's eyes, the look at the old woman he was familiar with was no longer the arrogance he had before, but was replaced by fear!

It's a pity that Guang Chengzi's mouth was entangled by the ribbon and he couldn't speak, he could only let out sobs.

"This, how could this be..."

Originally, Fuxi thought that it was Guang Chengzi who wanted to trouble the old man, but looking at it now, it was quite the opposite.

But after only being stunned for a moment, Fuxi realized that the old man in front of him must be a mysterious fairy!

Immediately, Fuxi took three steps in parallel, walked in front of Yunxiao, and bowed.

"Fuxi's naked eyes are mortal, and he doesn't know immortals. He still hopes that immortals will not blame him."

"I don't know where Immortal Master Guangchengzi offended the immortal. Can you stop fighting and explain the situation, maybe there is some misunderstanding."


		