

Lin Long didn't know about the Dragon Clan, Phoenix Clan, Demon Whale King and Yuan Shi.

Of course, even if he knew, he wouldn't have any psychological burden.

At this time, he has come to the foot of Buzhou Mountain.

Along the way, he also collected a lot of spirit flowers and fruits, and now he can already feel the abundant spiritual energy in his body, and he is only short of the last trace to be able to complete, trying to break through the late stage of Da Luo.

But now he is not in a hurry to improve his realm.

After all, I have too many means, and I must integrate them first.

Whether it is the law of time, the law of space, the law of devouring, the law of cause and effect, the law of wind and thunder, or the law of the five elements, it is very tyrannical to choose any one.

But on the other hand, what I have learned is too complicated, and it is not a long-term solution after all.

He had to choose a major path, coupled with the assistance of other laws, was the correct solution.

But now he has not made a good choice, because it is really difficult to choose between several laws. Although Ni Zhifu can predict the future, but limited to his cultivation, all he can predict is the future in a short period of time.

As for cultivating Dao by himself, Ni Zhifu couldn't help him for the time being.

But he is not in a hurry, he has plenty of time.

Standing at the foot of Buzhou Mountain, Lin Long intuitively felt the majesty of Buzhou Mountain.

In his previous life, he had also seen many famous mountains and great rivers, but compared to Buzhou Mountain, it was completely the difference between an ant and an elephant.

Buzhou Mountain connects heaven and earth, even Lin Long, the Daluo Jinxian, can't see where the top of the mountain leads to at a glance.

(ps: Buzhou Mountain in this period was actually called Zhou Mountain. It was not changed to Buzhou Mountain until the mountain collapsed after the Lich decisive battle, but it is customary to call this mountain Buzhou Mountain in Honghuangliu novels. flow, please don’t worry about it)

Lin Long is now a Daluo Jinxian, but when he looked at the top of the mountain, he still felt an extremely tyrannical coercion.

This was left over from Pangu back then. After so many years of wear and tear, this coercion is still daunting.

Although he couldn't see where the top of the mountain led to, he could see a flash of precious energy from time to time above the undulating peaks.

Obviously, there are many good things bred on Buzhou Mountain.

"As expected of being transformed by Pan Gu's spine!"

Lin Long sighed in admiration, but then, he suddenly frowned. Under the tyrannical pressure of Buzhou Mountain, there were twelve vitality that were constantly being bred.

"It looks like this should be the Twelve Ancestral Witches."

Now that the Long Han Liang Tribulation has not passed, and there is still some time before the birth of the witch clan, the twelve vitality must be the twelve ancestor witches of later generations.

"It is rumored that the twelve ancestors of the witch clan were conceived from the Pangu Temple at the foot of Buzhou Mountain. Now it seems that it is true."

"It's a pity that whether it's the dragon, phoenix, kylin or the lich clan, they're all short-lived and will eventually withdraw from the prehistoric stage."

In fact, speaking of it, any race that competes for hegemony in the wilderness will not end well in the end. Even if it is a human race in the later generations, it is the protagonist of God, but in the end it is reduced to an ant in the hands of a saint.

Otherwise, aren't the Conferred Gods and the Journey to the West all based on the human race?

Thinking that the three clans of dragon, phoenix and kylin are still fighting for the illusory supremacy of heaven and earth, Lin Long couldn't help shaking his head.

"It's all too persistent..."

[You feel the fate of the world, and the understanding of the law of karma increases by 10%]

Seeing the prompt in his mind, Lin Long couldn't help being startled.

In the sea of ​​consciousness, the law of cause and effect kept trembling, and Lin Long himself also entered a mysterious and mysterious state at this moment.

He knew that this was another epiphany for him, so he hurriedly crossed his knees into meditation without wasting any time.

After all, this state of epiphany is accompanied by huge gains and opportunities.

At the foot of the mountain, the law of cause and effect wrapped around Lin Long like a silk thread.

There are many visions between the heaven and the earth, golden lights, thousands of auspicious signs, and aura surges.

Lin Long only felt that his soul was extremely clear, as if he was swimming in the ocean of laws.

His understanding of the law of cause and effect is also constantly rising!


I don't know how long it has passed, Lin Long slowly opened his eyes, and the law of cause and effect in the sea of ​​consciousness has also grown a lot.

"I didn't expect the commotion caused by this epiphany to be so big."

Sensing the changes in the law of cause and effect in the sea of ​​consciousness, Lin Long shook his head.

He knew what was going on. When he comprehended the law before, he rarely entered the state of epiphany. However, it was all accumulation. Just one opportunity was enough to accumulate a lot!

Now, the time has come!

This epiphany made his comprehension of the law of cause and effect nearly 20%, and his understanding and manipulation of cause and effect became stronger.

In the dark, Lin Long felt something.

Once you have fully mastered the law of karma, you will be able to completely cut off the karma between yourself and the Dragon Clan!

At that time, there is no need to worry about Long Han's calamity affecting himself.

After successful epiphany, Lin Long's mind was refreshed, and he did not continue to stay at the foot of the mountain. Instead, he straightened his clothes, turned into a phantom, and headed towards the mountain.

As for the twelve qi mechanisms that gave birth to the twelve ancestor witches, he ignored them.

Because, he has already detected the future with Anti-knowledge.

[You have used your supernatural powers to know the future, and you want to find the Pangu Palace to seize Pangu's essence and blood, but the Pangu Palace is powerful, and you are not a member of the Wu clan, so you cannot enter the Pangu Palace]

[You used your supernatural powers to know the future, and wanted to forcibly enter Pangu Palace to obtain Pangu's essence and blood, but you were crushed by Pangu's power]


"Pangu's blood essence is not a good thing. Most of the protagonists in the novels I read in my previous life relied on the system to obtain Pangu's blood essence. I don't know what Pangu has been pumped into. Let's save some blood essence for Pangu... "

Lin Long thought resentfully, he had the illusion that he couldn't eat the grapes and said the grapes were sour.


Just when he got up to leave, the twelve ancestor witches conceived in Buzhou Mountain seemed to be affected by Lin Long's epiphany, and there was a slight change unconsciously.

But Lin Long didn't pay attention to this aspect. At this moment, he was walking all the way up the mountain, and he was in a pretty good mood.

Because, along the way, he found a lot of exotic flowers and plants on Buzhou Mountain. Although there were no top-grade innate spirit fruits, there were quite a lot of low-grade innate spirit fruits.

With the bug that defies the future, he can casually collect all the spiritual roots and spiritual fruits near him along the way.

The current prehistoric time is when the three clans are fighting for hegemony, and there are many strange flowers and plants in the world. Although the spiritual fruits he found are not rare now, after the Lich Tribulation or even the Lich Tribulation is over, These things are all in high demand.

"Who are you? Why did you trespass on me and my brother's dojo?"

Just as Lin Long was looking around all the way, collecting spirit roots and fruits everywhere, a clear and delicate drink suddenly sounded behind him.

"Um?"

Lin Long frowned slightly, turned around abruptly, and saw a cute little girl with a snake tail and twin ponytails, staring at him with an angry look.

"Could it be Nuwa?"

[You used Reverse Knowledge to talk to the girl in front of you, and found out that this girl is the future saint Nuwa]

"It's really Nuwa!"

Lin Long looked up and down the little ponytail loli, feeling a little surprised.

"Right now, Nuwa is still a little lolita, and Fuxi, I'm afraid she's not very old either, I guess she should be a real lady..."

Just as Lin Long was looking Nuwa up and down, there was a rustling sound not far behind the spirit grass.

Immediately, a boy with a snake-tailed body like a Nuwa came out, and also stared at Lin Long vigilantly.

"Don't ask, this should be Fuxi."

And Nuwa over there saw that Lin Long didn't speak, and little Lolita seemed a little unhappy.

"Hey, who are you? Why don't you talk?"

Hearing the little Lolita Nuwa speak, Fuxi hurriedly said: "Little sister, don't be rude!"

After finishing speaking, he turned his head to look at Lin Long again, cupped his hands and said, "Dare to ask this senior, why did you come to my brother and sister's Buzhou Mountain?"

Compared with Nuwa, Fuxi is much more stable.

But Lin Long looked at the pair of brothers and sisters, and he came back to his senses when he heard Fuxi speak. He coughed lightly and said, "Well, I also wandered here and knew that this place was transformed by Pangu, so I came to explore it. I don't want to disturb the two of you."

Although these two looked like children, Lin Long could tell that their cultivation was actually on par with his own.

He is indeed a person who will become a saint and emperor in the future!

But at the same time, Lin Long also had some doubts.

Ordinarily, Buzhou Mountain is so majestic and vast, even if Fuxi and Nuwa were born here, it shouldn't be said that the entire Buzhou Mountain is the dojo of his brother and sister.

Could it be that the place I came to happened to be the place where their brothers and sisters secretly cultivated?

Thinking that Fuxi and Nuwa also have a lot of cause and effect, and he has searched for a lot of spiritual fruits and roots, and he can't find anything if he stays, so Lin Longdang decides to leave.

Of course, this decision was also because he had secretly used the Future Defying, knowing that there was nothing worth searching around here.

"You two, please don't blame me for interrupting and being rude, I will leave now."

Lin Long cupped his hands, turned around and planned to leave.

However, that Fuxi suddenly took a step forward, and hastily said: "Senior, wait a minute, you didn't bother us, the younger sister is ignorant, you just offended me, in fact, my brother and sister have something to ask for..."

Seeing that Lin Long was about to leave, the brother and sister were anxious, and even the little Lolita Nuwa was panicked.

"What's the situation? Could it be that the two brothers and sisters are not as easy-going as in Hong Huang's novels? Stop me, do you want to do something to me?"

Lin Long frowned slightly, and thought, why don't we act first?


		