

Following the reminder in his mind, Lin Long himself felt an extremely powerful aura locking in here, and did not rush towards here quickly.

This breath made Lin Long feel oppressed and suffocated, as if he was stuck in a quagmire.

"Leave immediately!"

Without any hesitation, Lin Long immediately used his supernatural powers to leave.

"Know the future!"

[You used your magical powers to know the future, and found that the aura of the good luck jade plate has been locked, and the person who came was the demon ancestor Luohu]

After perceiving the information of the person who arrived, Lin Long couldn't help but feel very lucky.

Fortunately, I didn't overdo it. Fortunately, I was stable enough to use my supernatural powers first to leave before proceeding with the deduction.

If he had to deduce it first and then leave, he might be caught up by the Demon Ancestor Luohu!

You must know that in today's prehistoric period, one's own strength is not bad, and there are not many who can win against oneself, but it just so happens that Demon Ancestor Luohu is one of them!

This old guy who has lived from the chaotic period to the present, has already set foot in the Hunyuan Golden Immortal. Although he has countless supernatural powers and laws, he is far from Luo Hu's opponent in the face of a powerful difference in realm.

"Safety first!"

As Lin Long left, he kept thinking quickly in his mind: "This guy is staring at the good fortune jade plate that he got. This good fortune jade plate corresponds to his own law of karma, and he must not give up!"

[You used your supernatural powers to know the future, gave up the good fortune jade plate and handed it to Luo Hu, and after Luo Hu got the treasure, he became murderous, and the chance of your death is 100%]

[You used your supernatural powers to know the future, took away the good fortune jade plate, and Luohu locked the breath, and your chance of escape is 90%]

[You used your magical powers to know the future, and you found that you could not get rid of Rahu, so you forcibly sacrificed the jade plate of good fortune, supplemented by the law of cause and effect, and forcibly transferred the cause and effect of the jade plate of good fortune, with a success rate of 20%]

"Luo Hu doesn't dare to make a high-profile appearance in the prehistoric world now. The ones he fears are nothing more than Hongjun and the Great Immortal Yangmei. I just don't know, with my Da Luo Jinxian's late cultivation base, can I use the causal avenue of the jade plate of good fortune to make good fortune come true?" The karma of the jade plate is forcibly transferred!"

After all, Hongjun's cultivation level is higher than his own, and Hongjun also has a good luck jade plate to protect him, so it is a bit difficult for him to pass on cause and effect.

It's no wonder that the success rate of my deduction of the future is only 20%!

"There is a 90% chance of escaping, so what if it is 100%? Even if he escapes, Luo Hu is chasing after his breath, and he will find me one day. Why don't we try to pass on karma!"

Lin Long's thoughts were running fast, and he thought to himself: "If it's a big deal, let's try to see if we can pass on the cause and effect first, and then run away if it doesn't work!"

He didn't want to be on guard against Luo Hu jumping out from somewhere all the time in the future!

"Fight it! Try it!"

Although the probability is not high, Lin Long has no time to hesitate, so he makes a decisive decision and runs the law of cause and effect!

At the same time, the fragments of the good fortune jade plate were also sacrificed!

In an instant, threads of cause and effect appeared before Lin Long's eyes.

He only felt that his mana was being consumed rapidly. Obviously, Lin Long had never met Hongjun, so he wanted to transfer the cause and effect to the creatures who were stronger than him and had never met. Naturally, the mana consumed was like a huge amount.

Seeing that his vision was about to dry up, Lin Long gritted his teeth and secretly forced out a mouthful of blood from his heart, which burned rapidly!

puff!

A muffled sound!

"It's done!"

Lin Long wiped off his sweat, and immediately put away the fragments of the Jade Plate of Creation. Although it was difficult, at the last moment, he finally succeeded.

Of course, at this time, Lin Long couldn't help but feel lucky, and then raised the last trace of mana, cut through the space, escaped in, and disappeared in place.

The moment Lin Long's front feet just disappeared, a majestic man in a black robe tore through the space and descended!

"Huh? Nobody?"

The man frowned slightly and looked around, but found no useful information.

"Hmph, do you really think you can hide from me by running away? This seat is bound to get the pieces of the good luck jade plate!"

Demon Ancestor Luohu is also a great power in the chaotic period, so the technique of deduction is naturally not a problem.

Dang even started to deduce the whereabouts of the jade plate fragments.

However, after Luo Hu saw the result of the speculation, his face suddenly became extremely gloomy.

"Hongjun! You villain!"

"Things in this seat dare to move rashly!"

For the majestic Demon Ancestor to swear such words, it is obvious that Luo Hu is already in a state of desperation.

If this thing is in the hands of others, he still has a way to snatch it back.

However, it happened to be in Hongjun's hands!

That old thing is no less powerful than himself, and the two have confronted more than once. Will he give himself the fragments of the good fortune jade plate?

Even if you think about it with the second brother, you know that this is impossible!

Standing where he was, Luo Hu panted heavily, and it took him a while to calm down.

"Okay, Hongjun, you old bastard! I've made a note of this matter, you and I will wait and see, and see who will end up with this prehistoric world!"

Luo Hu snorted coldly, his mana was running, and with a bang, he shattered the place directly, and then left with a flick of his sleeves!

With just one blow, the space of a million miles has been turned into nothingness!

In the distance, Lin Long looked at the mountains that Luo Hu seemed to have destroyed in venting his anger, and couldn't help feeling very grateful.

"Fortunately, I am decisive enough. Otherwise, if this guy finds out, with my current means, even if I can escape, I will probably be seriously injured!"

It has to be said that Luo Hu, as a powerful man who can wrestle with the future Taoist ancestor Hongjun, can see many things with just a casual blow.

Lin Long asked himself, with his current strength, he would definitely not be able to achieve such a level!

"No, you can't do things like this in the future. Safety comes first. There's no point in gambling with your own life!"

Lin Long looked at the fragments of the good fortune jade plate he had put away, and immediately felt better again.

"However, this adventure is still worth it..."

With this fragment of the good luck jade plate, I can get twice the result with half the effort in using and comprehending the law of cause and effect.

"I just don't know if it is possible to deduce the location of the rest of the fragments with the help of this jade disc fragment."

After seeing Luo Hu's methods, Lin Long's mind also came alive.

If he can have the same strength as Luo Hu Hongjun and want to break free from the karma of the dragon clan and the shackles of the dragon clan catastrophe, wouldn't that be easy?

And the fastest way to improve one's own strength right now is undoubtedly the fortune jade plate!

The more you get, the more laws you can comprehend, and the faster your strength will improve!

After adjusting his state and swallowing a lot of spiritual fruits, Lin Long's mana was slowly recovering.

And he also began to rely on the fragments of the fortune jade plate in his hand, and began to deduce the location of the remaining fragments.

[You use the fragments of the good fortune jade plate to deduce other good fortune jade plate fragments, and successfully deduce the location of the connected fragments. There is a good fortune jade plate fragment in Kunlun Mountain, the ancestral line of the great desolation]

Lin Long was overjoyed by the reminder that appeared in his mind.

As expected, I guessed correctly. With this jade disc fragment, I can not only deduce things related to myself, but even deduce the location of the jade disc fragments that have nothing to do with me!

Moreover, combined with his cheat tips, he undoubtedly saved himself a lot of time.

"Kunlun Mountain is the territory of Sanqing. I don't know how the situation is now after I cheated Yuanshi Tianzun last time."

Lin Long put away the fragments of the good fortune jade plate, and after thinking for a while, he decided to go to Kunlun Mountain to have a look.

Anyway, there is a golden finger of anti-knowledge, when the time comes, steal if you can, steal if you can't, and run if you can't!

To be invincible is to be afraid of a fart!

"After such a long time, Yuanshi Tianzun must have recovered from his injuries and came to trouble me. If Yuanshi Tianzun left Kunlun Mountain, Laozi and Tongtian would certainly not stand by. Maybe there is no one in Kunlun Mountain now."

Lin Long wanted to laugh a little: "I just don't know, did Yuanshi Tianzun meet the Demon Whale King..."

Thinking of this, Lin Long no longer neglected, and simply started deduction with the idea of ​​knowing the future.

[You used your magical powers to know the future, went to Kunlun Mountain, and found that the dragon clan besieged Kunlun Mountain]

"The dragon clan besieged Kunlun Mountain? What the hell is going on?"

Looking at the prompt, Lin Long suddenly became confused.

Okay, why did Sanqing get involved with the Dragon Clan again?

According to my memory, before Hongjun's testimony, Sanqing had always been honest and would not cause trouble. Why now, looking at Sanqing, it seems that these three guys are not so responsible?

Well done, what are you doing with the Dragon Clan?

Knowing the future can only deduce the future, but can't deduce the cause and effect of things. Lin Long thought for a while, and decided to go to Kunlun Mountain to have a look.

The fragments of the good luck jade plate there must be obtained by himself, anyway, he can know the future and be invincible!


At the same time, on Kunlun Mountain, the scene of Qingxiu in the past has long since disappeared.

Above the clouds, tens of millions of aquariums held weapons and beat drums to cheer.

And in front, dozens of Dragon Clan revealed their real bodies, circling continuously.

"Third please, my son, show up quickly! If you dare to come to my East China Sea to seize treasures, and even hurt my Dragon Clan's affiliated Shui Clan, if you don't give me an explanation today, I will flood your Kunlun Mountain!"

Ao Hai, Zulong's third son, looked gloomy and stared angrily at Kunlun Mountain.

In the Yuanshi dojo, Laozi and Tongtian looked at Yuanshi Tianzun helplessly.

"Second brother, now that the Dragon Clan has come to your door, what do you think about this matter?"


		