

"What? I broke through?"

Houtu, who had just woken up, suddenly reacted at this moment, and his beautiful eyes widened immediately: "Haha, really, I have really broken through to the late stage of Da Luo Jinxian!"

You must know that the witch clan mainly cultivates the physical body. Even though the twelve ancestor witches have the primordial spirit, this primordial spirit cannot practice supernatural powers. Therefore, the twelve ancestor witches, like ordinary witch clan people, also cultivate the flesh body.

Breakthrough in the realm of the physical body has always been extremely difficult, and Lin Long also spent a lot of effort in cultivating the physical body before.

What's more, Houtu's original realm was only the middle stage of Daluo Jinxian, and now he has successfully reached the late stage of Daluo Jinxian in the blink of an eye with the help of Lin Long's perception!

This is much stronger than the effect of eating many genius treasures.

At this time, she finally understood what Lin Long had done to her before.

"witch……"

Just now I thanked Lin Long, but suddenly realized that Lin Long didn't want to reveal his identity as a witch god, which made Hou Tu feel difficult for a while.

Lin Long immediately understood Houtu's meaning after observing his words, and said with a calm smile, "Okay, I have seen most of the places of the Wu Clan, except the Pangu Hall, so I wonder if you can let me go in and have a look? "

As soon as the words fell, the fiery Zhu Rong quit immediately.

"No! Even though you are my little sister's friend, the Pangu Hall is the land of my Wu clan, how can I let outsiders in?!"

Di Jiang also nodded when he heard the words, and said in a deep voice: "Yes, this is not a trivial matter. The Pangu Hall is the sacred place of my witch clan, and outsiders are not allowed to set foot here!"

Although the rest of the ancestral witches didn't speak, the meaning was obvious from the expressions on their faces.

Only Hou Tu looked tangled, and said: "Brothers, this friend is not an outsider, I think he can be allowed to enter the Pangu Palace..."

"Little sister, what nonsense are you talking about!"

"That's right, little sister, you can't let him set foot in my holy land of the witch clan just because he gave him some benefits!"

"If this news gets out, what rules do we, the Wu Clan, have in the eyes of other races!"

In the prehistoric world, regardless of the big race or the small race, the sacred places of ethnic groups are very sacred places, and outsiders are never allowed to step in.

Therefore, the reactions of the ancestor witches are naturally reasonable.

But what surprised them was that Houtu, who always obeyed his elders, was very stubborn this time, and said with firm eyes: "Brothers, trust me once, this friend of mine really has the qualifications!"

Lin Long wanted to hide his identity, but he just didn't want ordinary Wu clan people to know about it. Moreover, if he publicized his identity here, Hongjun's sixth son might have deduced it based on what.

And once they entered the Pangu Palace, ordinary clansmen couldn't get close, even if they revealed their identities to the other eleven ancestor witches, it wouldn't matter.

Houtu also understood this point, so he urged Lin Long to enter the Pangu Hall, so that he could explain the matter clearly to everyone.

Seeing that all the ancestral witches were silent because of his own words, Houtu said again: "Brothers, I brought up this matter. If there is any problem later, I will fully bear it."

Hou Tu's attitude was firm, seeing the Twelve Ancestral Witches, he couldn't speak anymore.

Because they know that their little sister will not be aimless.

"Forget it, since the younger sister has said everything to this point, then let him go in, but the ugly words come first, and after entering the Pangu Hall, you must explain clearly to me who this person is and how he came from. What did you do to the younger sister, and why did it improve the younger sister's cultivation so quickly?"

When he was speaking, Di Jiang fixed his eyes on Lin Long, as if he was afraid that Lin Long had bad intentions.

Lin Long didn't speak, but Houtu kept winking at the other ancestor witches.

And when she heard Dijiang threatening Lin Long in such a way, Houtu couldn't help but sigh in her heart, brother, I can only help here, you insist on dying, I can't stop you... …

At the very beginning, Houtu respected Lin Long because of his blood relationship, but now that Lin Long has enlightened her to improve her cultivation, she has regarded Lin Long as the god of the witch clan from the bottom of her heart.

With a single thought, he could raise his cultivation base by a small level, and Houtu also faintly felt that his potential seemed to be raised to a higher level.

Based on this alone, Lin Long can afford the status of a witch god!

Lin Long said that he wanted to go to the Pangu Hall to have a look, and Houtu nodded without hesitation. Apart from Lin Long's identity as a witch god, on the other hand, he also wanted Lin Long to help his brothers improve their potential and cultivation skills. for.

However, if Lin Long didn't nod his head, she naturally didn't dare to say it.

Now after such a threat from his brother, it is estimated that there is nothing to do.

I don't know what kind of expressions my brothers will have when they know the truth later.

After receiving Dijiang's permission, the other ancestor witches said nothing more, and Lin Long followed Houtu into the Pangu Hall.

As soon as everyone entered, Di Jiang couldn't wait to ask.

"What is your identity, Fellow Daoist? Now that there are no outsiders, it's time to tell."

Di Jiang was not a fool either. It could be seen that Hou Tu had been winking just now because Lin Long's identity could not be revealed in front of those ordinary Wu people.

Therefore, this also made Di Jiang think that there seemed to be something ulterior about Lin Long's identity.

Lin Long smiled when he heard the words, and did not directly answer Di Jiang's words, but turned his head to look at Houtu.

Hou Tu knew it in his heart, and said, "Brothers, hurry up and salute!"

"what?"

Hou Tu's words stunned all the ancestor witches present.

What's the situation?

Just about to question his identity, you suddenly told us to salute him?

Houtu didn't talk nonsense, and under the shocked eyes of the ancestor witches, he came to Lin Long and knelt down without hesitation.

"Houtu, thank you sorcerer god for your guidance!"

"what!"

All the ancestral witches present widened their eyes.

"Little sister, what nonsense are you talking about!"

"How could he be a witch god!"

"That's right, little sister, it shouldn't be because I was deceived by someone!"

Houtu shook his head.

"Brothers, will I talk nonsense about this kind of thing?"

All the ancestral witches looked at me and I looked at you, unable to make up their minds for a while.

Hou Tu gritted his teeth when he saw the hesitation of the crowd.

"Master Witch God, can you let us know your identity?"

It's no wonder that the Wu people are cautious, it's really a matter of great importance.

Lin Long watched the reactions of the ancestor witches, and knew that this group of witches would not reveal their identities.

What's more, Lin Long is still very interested in the supernatural powers mastered by these ancestral witches.

Hearing Houtu's proposal, Lin Long nodded.

The next moment, the aura of the law of force emerged from Lin Long's body.

In the main hall, all the ancestral witches had to believe what Houtu said.

"I'll wait to see Lord Sorcerer God!"

"Okay, let's all get up."

He asked everyone to get up, but none of the ancestral witches dared to do so. Di Jiang looked at the seats and said awkwardly, "Master Wushen, you should take the main seat."

How proud Di Jiang was before, how humble he is now.

Lin Long was not polite either, he took a look at Di Jiang and sat down on his seat.

All the ancestor witches in the hall did not dare to speak for a while.

There was excitement, worry, and anticipation in those eyes.

Needless to say, I was excited, the Wu Clan worshiped Lin Long for so long, and now I finally saw a living person, just like chasing a star, finally meeting my idol.

And the worry is because I just recalled that my actions were a bit too rash.

I actually yelled at the witch god!

The rest of the expectation is because of Houtu here.

The witch god can point at will and let Houtu break through to the late stage of Da Luo Jinxian.

If you give yourself some pointers...

For a moment, the minds of all the ancestor witches came alive.


		