

Looking at the people in Zixiao Palace, Hongjun felt as uncomfortable as if he had eaten a fly.

However, based on the principle of interests, Hongjun finally took a deep breath and made a decision.

"Lao Tzu, Yuan Shi, Tong Tian, ​​the three of them have the luck of opening the sky, have the source of unsurpassed blessings, and are the legacy of Pangu, and can enter my sect. Lao Tzu can be called a master of the Taoist sect!"

"Nuwa will have a chance in the future, and she can also join my sect!"

Both Sanqing and Nuwa were accepted by Hongjun, and in the hall, the breathing of those powerful people became more rapid, and they all looked at Hongjun with hopeful eyes, hoping that the next one could call their names.

Only Nuwa curled her lips, and was about to say something, but was grabbed by Fuxi, who was quick-eyed and quick-handed, and secretly shook her head, signaling Nuwa not to act rashly.

As the elder brother, he naturally knew what Nuwa was thinking. This Hongjun had turned against Lin Long, and now he accepted Nuwa as his apprentice, so Nuwa was naturally not happy.

However, if people are under the eaves, in this Zixiao Palace, if they violate Hongjun's decree, if this old man doesn't practice martial arts, it will be troublesome.

At that time, it will definitely bring Lin Long a lot of trouble, which is not what Fu Xi wants to see.

However, after Hongjun called the names of these four people, he remained silent for a while.

Those powerful people who wished to be recruited into the sect stirred up for a moment, but in the corner, there was an untimely sobbing sound.

"Ancestor Dao, I also hope that Patriarch Dao will take pity on me in the west! My two brothers came all the way from the west, and I hope that Patriarch Dao will take me as disciples because of the difficulty of traveling so far. My brother is willing to work hard for Patriarch Dao!"

Looking at the people in the hall, they only dared to murmur, but Hongjun who was sitting on Qingyun was silent, and the brothers Yingyin and Zhunti couldn't sit still.

These two guys offended Lin Long more than once, so they knew that they had no hope of relying on Lin Long.

Now that a great opportunity is in front of them, those great powers are so stupid that they dare not speak, but they want to give it a go!

What if Dao Patriarch wanted to take the initiative to speak up?

What if Daozu is as good as our brothers in the West?

Just ask for it, and you won't lose a piece of meat!

"Pray for Taoist ancestors to show mercy!"

Jieyin and Zhunti both knelt on the ground, sobbing, and said sincerely.

While speaking, he didn't forget to kowtow to Hongjun, which really made the two brothers almost overwhelmed.

Seeing this, the corners of the eyes of all the beings in the hall twitched involuntarily.

Everyone is a giant, at least the strong of Daluo Jinxian, and they will more or less save face.

Who knew that there would be such shameless brothers showing such a gesture!

"Huh, these two people are really whimsical. The dignified Daoist ancestor accepts disciples, how can he take these two people under his sect just because he sold a few words?"

"That's right, it's just too much laughter!"

Everyone murmured in low voices, and their evaluation of Jieyin and Zhunti dropped a little bit, and they even looked at them as if they were looking at a clown.

However, the next moment, something that shocked everyone's jaws happened.

Hongjun sat cross-legged on the Qingyun of the heavens, and unexpectedly said: "It is not easy to receive Zhunti from the west, but you can join my sect and become a registered disciple!"

I rely on!

Really good!

As soon as these words came out, all the great powers in Zixiao Palace were stunned in place, their faces full of disbelief!

This fucking works!

Daozu was actually softened by the crying of these two guys!

Although they are not apprentices, registered disciples are also disciples!

Compared to the astonishment of those mighty ones, Jieyin and Zhunti were overjoyed. They scrambled and ran to the front, squeezed out of two places, fell to their knees with a plop, and kowtowed: "Disciple!" Thank you Master for your mercy!"

After this operation, the three views of all the powerful people will be completely shattered!

But immediately, there was a powerful reaction.

Isn't this the opportunity in front of you?

Who cares about face if he can be accepted by the Taoist ancestor?

They used to save face because they thought it was useless to cry miserably, but now the western duo has proved that this trick is not only useful, but also very effective, so what are you waiting for?

"Please Dao Patriarch take pity on us and accept us as disciples!"

In Zixiao Palace, all living beings knelt on the ground together and kept kowtowing. They were so sincere and sincere, even worse than the western duo.

However, at the next moment, Hongjun spoke slowly: "You and I have no relationship between master and apprentice. This speech in Zixiao Palace ends here, and after ten thousand years, we will start the lecture again!"

After all, without waiting for everyone to react, Hongjun waved his sleeves and disappeared in front of everyone, leaving only a group of powerful people in the main hall of Zixiao Palace looking at each other, their eyes full of unwillingness and regret.

But seeing that Hongjun had already left, they could only return bitterly, lamenting that they hadn't been the first to cry and sell miserably.

As soon as Hongjun left here, Jieyin and Zhunti smiled all over their faces, leaned close to Sanqing and Nuwa, cupped their hands and said with a smile: "Jieyin and Zhunti have met senior brothers and sisters."

The two looked familiar, but the calculations in their hearts were crackling.

Especially the generous appearance of Nuwa and Fuxi taking out five innate treasures in one go, but it really made the saliva of Yingying and Zhunti almost flow down.

And Sanqing, as Pangu's authentic master, must have good things in his hands.

Now everyone is a disciple of the Taoist ancestor. Although the two of them are only registered disciples, they can be regarded as the same sect.

This can't be used to get some benefits?

However, the two guys were planning loudly, but as they cupped their hands and opened their mouths, Nuwa glanced at them coldly, then turned and left without even saying hello.

As for Sanqing, he regarded the two as nothing, got up and left the hall, leaving only the receptionist and Zhunti stunned on the spot.

The hot face stuck a cold butt, and it took a while for the two brothers to react.

"Damn it! Brother, these guys obviously don't pay attention to us!"

"Hmph, isn't it just relying on the fact that I have already cut corpses and cultivated to be tyrannical? If there is a spirit treasure, my two brothers can also succeed in killing corpses!"

Zhunti was so angry that his toothache hurt, and the goal of wanting a baby was not achieved, which made both brothers a little angry.

"Senior brother, what should we do now? You and I need at least six innate spirit treasures to kill the corpse, and now I really can't get any of them!"

"Those Sanqing and Nuwa are also stingy people, they don't even give you and me a plan to talk!"

When mentioning the Xiantian Lingbao, the two brothers felt a pain in the ass.

"Forget it, since we have come to the east, we might as well seek some opportunities in the east to see if we can get some spiritual treasures!"

Jieyin's heart skipped a beat, and he opened his mouth to speak, but Na Zhunti frowned slightly, and a look of worry flashed across his face: "Brother, you and I have met the Cyanwood Dragon God before, and he once said..."

Zhun Ti said half of what he said and couldn't continue, but the meaning was obvious.

The two brothers have bumped into the hands of the Aoki Dragon God more than once, and the Aoki Dragon God had warned before that if they dared to play Dongfang's idea again, there would definitely be no good results.

"Junior brother, you are confused, now you and I can be disciples of the Daozu sect! Not to mention whether the Cyanwood Dragon God will meet us, even if we do, with our current identities, how dare he kill you and me? ?”

Speaking of this, Jieyin gritted his teeth and gave up: "It's a big deal, I'll be beaten by him again, anyway, it's not the first time!"

Hearing what Jieyin said, Zhunti thought for a while and felt quite reasonable: "Senior brother is justified. No matter how unreasonable and arrogant the Cyanwood Dragon God is, he must take care of Daozu's face! Okay, let's do what the senior brother said. , you and I will search in Dongfang Haosheng this time, and at least find a few innate spirit treasures for you and me to kill corpses!"

Money touches people's hearts, this sentence is also applicable among the immortals.

In order to search for treasures, the two decided to risk being beaten by Lin Long again, and left Zixiao Palace together.

And in the void, Lin Long shook his head helplessly: "These two guys really don't remember to fight. It seems that the warning given to them back then was not strong enough! But...it's okay."

Hongjun's sixth son wanted to support a saint, and his disciples would not be able to break through to the realm of Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian for a while, so he also needed some help.

Since the disciples under the sect can't be sanctified for the time being, it might as well dig Hongjun's corner.

Except for Hongjun, among the six saints between heaven and earth, Nuwa is 100% on her side, and among the rest, Sanqing is self-contained, and she has countless hatred , if you want to win them over, it is estimated that it will be quite difficult.

On the contrary, the two sages of the West, although shameless in character, can be driven by interests.

Besides, in Lin Long's hands, there is an absolutely undeniable offer to lure them, and the success rate is still very high.

Once Zhunti and Jieyin are also recruited as his thugs, the situation will be three against three if he and Hongjun are excluded from the saints.

Thinking of this, Lin Long nodded slightly, and with a flick of his figure, he disappeared into the void and disappeared completely.

The main hall of Zixiao Palace was also completely empty at this moment, only Hongjun was sitting inside Zixiao Palace with sharp eyes, and he didn't know what was going on in his heart.

"My son Lin Long, you have disturbed so many of my plans. The matter of the Lich can only be put aside for the time being, and the prehistoric calamity must be pushed forward as soon as possible! Calculate the time, and the human race is about to be born!"

With the birth of the human race, the calamity of heaven and earth will be promoted again, and Hongjun's cultivation will also be improved again. At that time, the six saints will return to their thrones. With their assistance, I will be able to easily suppress Lin Long!

Thinking of this, Hongjun nodded in satisfaction, and even his mood improved a lot.


		