

As soon as Lin Long said that there was a reward, the eyes of Sanxiao and Zhao Gongming lit up.

It's not that a few people are greedy for money, but what can be called a reward by Lin Long is definitely not an ordinary treasure.

Several people saw a lot of good things in Sanxian Island of Dragon God Realm, but at the same time, their vision was surprisingly high.

Generally, a monk who has just entered the realm of Daluo Jinxian can have one innate spiritual treasure on his body, which is considered very good, and most of the rest are acquired spiritual treasures refined by himself.

But Zhao Gongming and San Xiao each have at least three innate spiritual treasures, which are only worn on their bodies.

Lin Long has no shortage of congenital treasures.

Having mastered the resources of the three innate clans, just a few innate spirit treasures are really a drop in the bucket.

But Lin Long still understands the truth of not revealing his wealth. If it is not necessary, Lin Long will not show his wealth too much.

The three innate spirit treasures were a rule set by Lin Long for several disciples. Unless life and death were in crisis, no more than three innate spirit treasures could be displayed.

As a stream of light passed by, it was Bi Xiao who was the most eccentric, taking advantage of his two sisters and senior brother Zhao Gongming not paying attention, he ran out directly.

"Haha, sister Bixiao has already set off, let's hurry up!"

Zhao Gongming said with a smile, then cupped his hands to Lin Long: "Master, disciples and others are setting off."

Lin Long nodded, and then Zhao Gongming and Yunxiao Qiongxiao used their body skills and hurried towards Zixiao Palace.

"Huh? The boy Liu Er hasn't reached Da Luo Jinxian yet, why did he come here?"

Lin Long just wanted to use the law of space to reach Zixiao Palace, but suddenly found a sneaky figure, it was the six-eared macaque!

"This kid actually sneaked here while the Wu Clan was gone."

With Lin Long's current state, he could understand the reason why the six-eared macaque came here by pinching his fingers. After careful inspection, he found that the physical strength of the six-eared macaque had increased dozens of times compared to a thousand years ago!

Although the realm is only the perfection of the Taiyi Golden Immortal and has not broken through Da Luo, but if he breaks out with all his strength, he will not lose to the monks who have just entered the Da Luo Golden Immortal realm.

Lin Long nodded in satisfaction.

"It's really right to put this kid in the Witch Clan for training."

"But after this matter, let's take him back to the Dragon God Realm. There are still many things to plan for the witch clan and the monster clan, and it is not convenient to stay there."

"Crossing the Chaos Sea and reaching Zixiao Palace, it should be regarded as an assessment for him."

With Liu Er's physical body, there is still great hope to survive the Chaos Sea.

He came to Zixiao Palace privately, Lin Long was not angry, if this kid can pass, he will pass the examination, if he can't, he will have to be punished!

Liu Er didn't know it yet, but he quietly ran to Chaos, and was discovered by his master, and without his knowledge, an assessment was set.

Ordinary chaos is dangerous to Da Luo Jinxian, but as long as he is careful, he can get through it no matter what.

But Hongjun, a bad old man, obviously won't let these creatures pass by so easily.

Along the way, thunderstorms, chaotic air currents, and all kinds of dangers are countless, and there are only a few who can really escape completely.

Among them are the outstanding ones, such as Emperor Jun Taiyi, Fuxi Nuwa, Twelve Ancestral Witches, and Sanqing.

Barely saved some face, not being tossed too badly.

As for the rest of the creatures, it would be miserable.

There are hundreds of billions of creatures who came to chaos.

Among them, outside the chaos, 99% of them were wiped out because of their cultivation base.

Part of the rest was lost in the chaos, and finally made up the number of three thousand.

The Zixiao Palace, which was out of reach before, finally got a little closer.

Of course, Lin Long couldn't suffer the same crime as these big Luo Jinxians.

With a light step on the tiptoe, there was a ripple in the space, and with just one step, the Zixiao Palace, tens of millions of miles away, was already under his feet.

Looking behind me, those powerful beings were still struggling in the chaos.

Lin Long closed his eyes, felt it slightly, and found that Hongjun was not here.

Looking at the six futons placed in the main hall of Zixiao Palace, Lin Long smiled slightly.

"Old man, at this level, you are still a mystery, so I will sit on your futon without hesitation."

Lin Long took a step forward and sat down on the leading futon without hesitation.

"I don't know what Hongjun's expression will be when he sees me sitting here, but I want to see how he divides the six holy seats?"

Although Hongmeng Ziqi is in Hongjun's hands, how to divide it is Hongjun's own business.

But Hongjun wanted to preach the prestige, to establish prestige, and to have a good reputation. Simply put, he wanted both.

People can't be so greedy, neither should immortals, nor should saints.

Sitting on the futon by himself, even if Hongjun was full of courage, he didn't dare to accept himself as his disciple.

Because in that case, Hongjun is purely making himself unhappy.

But now that Lin Long was sitting on the futon, if when he was distributing the Primordial Purple Qi, Lin Long was the only one who didn't have the Primordial Purple Qi, then it would appear that his Taoist ancestor had planned and was not impartial.

Anyway, it's troublesome.

Lin Long did not have the slightest psychological burden on the matter of making Hongjun suffer.

Soon, Zixiao Palace, besides Lin Long, welcomed the first group of people.

"Huh! Big brother, this chaotic sea is so dangerous, but fortunately, I'm over here."

"I just read it, and I should be the fastest."

It was none other than Yuanshi who spoke.

Beside him stood an old man and a young man, needless to say, they were Lao Tzu and Tong Tian.

Just as I was about to nod in agreement with Yuan Shi's words, I suddenly discovered that there was already a figure sitting on one of the futons in Zixiao Palace!

And this figure, the more you look at it, the more familiar it is.

After taking a closer look, a name suddenly appeared in Lao Tzu's mind.

"Aoki Dragon God!"

"What!" Yuan Shi was startled, and subconsciously looked in the direction Lao Tzu was looking at.

Lin Long also happened to turn his head at this moment, looking at the three of them with a smile on his face.

"Yo, long time no see."

"You! Aoki Dragon God, why are you here!"

Seeing that it was really Lin Long, Yuan Shi's good mood disappeared immediately!

Looking back on what happened back then, Yuan Shi still felt it vividly.

Because of Lin Long, he was wronged for almost a calamity, and was beaten up to Kunlun Mountain by the Dragon Clan, which made Yuan Shi, who loves face the most, lose face in front of all the prehistoric creatures.

And what exactly this Qingmu Dragon God took away from his dojo back then, until now, Yuan Shi still doesn't know.

These things, one after another, Yuanshi has never forgotten.

But as Lin Long became more and more famous, and Lin Long and the entire three clans disappeared all these years, Yuanshi comforted and deceived himself that he had let go of these things.

But at the moment just now, after seeing Lin Long, Yuan Shi realized that he was wrong, and the mistake was extremely outrageous.

I didn't let go of it at all, but because of the other party's name, I was afraid of it!

This guy is still so hateful, he can't treat Lin Long normally!

Gritting his teeth, Yuan Shi asked, "Lin Long, why are you here?"

Looking at Yuan Shi's appearance, Lin Long suppressed a smile in his heart: "Me? Of course I am here to listen to the sermon just like you."

But Lin Long only said half of this sentence.

It won't be long before Sanqing will be accepted by Hongjun, and he and Hongjun are regarded as friends of Taoism. In the future, Sanqing will be a generation younger in front of him.

The current Yuan Shi still doesn't know about this matter, if he knows, he wonders if he will vomit blood from anger.

I regard you Lin Long as an enemy, but you actually want to be my uncle?


		