

"Kill..."

Shouting to kill and shaking the sky, the sound is boiling all over the world!

In the prehistoric world, in an unknown valley, a fierce battle is going on at this moment!

In fact, not only in this valley, but in the entire prehistoric land, such tragic fights can be seen everywhere!

As the three overlords of today's prehistoric world, the dragon, phoenix, and unicorn clans all want to fight for prehistoric power and rule the world!

The dragon is the leader of the scales, the phoenix is ​​the leader of the birds, and the unicorn is the king of the beasts!

The three clans were not convinced by each other, and they were able to unanimously fight against each other when the fierce beasts were plundering, but after the fall of the Beast Emperor Shenni, the internal conflicts among the three clans broke out completely!

In the prehistoric world, there can only be one clan ruling the roost, and the three clans have been fighting for countless years since the end of the calamity of beasts.

And in this valley, it is a battlefield of one of the three clans. Countless people of the three clans have fallen, their blood stained the ground red, and their howls tore through the sky!

Lin Long traveled through under such circumstances.

"What the hell, can you drive across in a taxi?"

Before crossing, Lin Long was a taxi driver, but after crossing, he became a three-clawed golden dragon!

The tens of feet long body soared in the air, watching countless people of the three tribes fighting beside them, stumped limbs and broken arms flying all over the sky, bones like mountains, and blood flowing like rivers!

"The prehistoric world..."

Memory fragments flooded into Lin Long's mind, and Lin Long panicked instantly.

What kind of joke is this?

Before crossing, he had also read a lot of Hong Huang's novels, so he naturally knew the direction of Hong Huang's story.

Not to mention his small three-clawed golden dragon, even Zulong, the patriarch of the dragon clan, a majestic quasi-sage and strong man, cannot escape the fate of falling under such a calamity!

Not to mention his little true fairy?

Not only the Zulong, but Yuanfeng, the patriarch of the Feng clan, and Shi Qilin, the patriarch of the Qilin clan, all fell in this catastrophe, and then the three clans went into decline completely.

And most of the people of the three tribes also died in the Long Han calamity!

"No, why don't I lift my butt and run away?"

Lin Long shrunk his body, landed in the valley, and found an inconspicuous corner.

If this frankly stays, appoint Liangliang!

Not to mention Long Han's calamity, even in this current battle, he may not be able to survive. Didn't he see that the dead masters of the three clans piled up into mountains?

"It's hard to go through a journey, I don't want to give it away!"

Just when Lin Long made up his mind to run away, suddenly, a line of clear writing appeared in his mind.

[As a traveler, you are noticed by the Dao that is about to dissipate, and you have been favored by the Dao. Your potential has been upgraded from the original Hunyuan Jinxian to Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian, and your understanding has been raised to full level. 】

Lin Long looked at the prompt in his mind, and couldn't help being stunned for a moment, but then he was overjoyed!

"It looks like this is my golden finger!"

The so-called improvement potential is naturally easy to understand. Originally, with his aptitude to the peak, he could only cultivate to the Hunyuan Golden Immortal, that is, the quasi-sage commonly passed down in the prehistoric world!

But now, through the favor of Dao, the potential has been raised to Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian, that is to say, it is possible to cultivate to the level of a saint!

Of course, there is an essential difference between this Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian and the prehistoric sage!

As for the improvement of comprehension to the full level, it is naturally better to understand.

What is full grade?

That is, it is full, no more, no promotion, no promotion!

"Although it is a good thing, it is not enough for the current me. I have potential and understanding but no strength. I still have to slip for the time being..."

Lin Long didn't change his mind, he looked around, found a place that no one was paying attention to, and then quietly touched it.

[The war between the three clans broke out, and you are facing a life decision. If you choose to participate in the war, persist until the arrival of the ancestor dragon, and you will have a chance to get the fallen ancestor dragon scale in the battle between the chiefs of the three clans. 】

[The war between the three clans broke out, and you are facing a life decision. If you choose to avoid the war and walk five hundred miles north, you may encounter a 100,000-year-old Dream Immortal Grass, but there is an 80% chance that people of the same clan will find you. Fight and flee. 】

[The war between the three clans broke out, and you are facing a life decision. If you choose to avoid the war, you will get nothing if you go west, but there is a 75% chance that you will be found by your fellow clansmen and you will flee without a fight. 】

[The war between the three clans broke out, and you are facing a life decision. If you choose to avoid the battle, you will directly break into the siege of the Phoenix clan if you go south, and you have a 100% chance of dying on the spot. 】

[The war between the three clans broke out, and you are facing a life decision. If you choose to avoid the war, you will cross the East China Sea five hundred miles away by heading east, but there is a 1% chance that you will be discovered by your fellow clansmen and you will flee without a fight. 】

A series of handwriting appeared in his mind, and Lin Long suddenly discovered another function of his golden finger.

Foreknowledge!

And you can also judge your own chances of encountering danger!

"It seems that the patriarchs of the three clans are also starting to join the battle, so the fool is staying here waiting to die."

The ancestral dragon Nilin mentioned in this reminder contains a trace of ancestral dragon spirit, if you get it and refine it, it will be of great benefit.

but……

"Safety first, I still take a one percent risk and slip away!"

Just kidding, he doesn't want to stay in this kind of right and wrong place for a second!

Of the four directions, east, south, north, and west, only going east is the least risky. To be on the safe side, Lin Long of course chose to go east all the way with the soles of his feet oiled!

In order not to be noticed, he deliberately did not choose to fly. Instead, he minimized his stature and walked along the rugged mountains.

It's also fortunate that the Dragon Clan possesses the supernatural powers of varying sizes, otherwise his body, which is several tens of feet long, would be hard to hide.

[You have shrunk your stature and realized the supernatural power of the thirty-six celestial gangs: size as you wish]

"Damn it, that's okay too?"

Lin Long looked at the reminder in his mind, and couldn't help being stunned for a moment. Only then did he finally understand how terrifying the so-called full understanding in the first reminder is!

I just got a little smaller, but I actually comprehended the supernatural power of one of the thirty-six celestial gangs!

"But this supernatural power came at just the right time!"

Lin Long didn't hesitate, and immediately mobilized his own mana, and with the movement of his mind, his body immediately shrank to the point where he could not see it.

Now, it's safer!

And he no longer had to dodge his way with his physical body.

"It turns out that this is flying!"

A three-clawed golden dragon that cannot be detected by the naked eye flies in the sky. Lin Long enjoys this feeling that he could not enjoy in his previous life. The next moment, a reminder appeared in his mind again.

【You have flown and comprehended the art of driving clouds: Yufengliuyun】

An incomparably mysterious formula appeared in his mind, Lin Long only felt that his body was extremely light, and with a thought, Yu Feng Liuyun cast it out, and his flying speed was more than ten times faster!

Although the cultivation base of a true immortal is not high, the distance of five hundred miles is not too far. With just a stick of incense, he can see the endless sea.

And at this moment, a reminder came to mind again.


		