

Xi He quickly took out the laurel paste and sweet-scented osmanthus brew from the moon palace.

As soon as the two items were taken out, Lin Long's eyes lit up.

Although I haven't tasted it yet, this strange fragrance can arouse the aura in my body.

With his current cultivation base, he can still produce such an effect, which shows that these two things are very effective.

As for Sanxiao and Zhao Gongming, the reaction was even more violent.

Fortunately, a few people knew their identities and understood that they should not embarrass Lin Long, so they did not lose their composure by standing behind Lin Long.

"This laurel cream and sweet-scented osmanthus wine were developed by my sister and I. I have never seen it before in the wild. It has the effect of nourishing the spirit and clearing the mind. Friends, please taste it."

Changxi took out a lot of sweet-scented osmanthus brew and bay laurel paste, so she brought Sanxiao and Zhao Gongming's share.

However, Lin Long and sister Xihe talked about their relationship as friends of the same age. San Xiao and Zhao Gongming could only stand behind Lin Long. For a while, Lin Long didn't speak, so they naturally didn't dare to go forward.

And Lin Long naturally had to be concerned about his face, it was impossible for his disciples to be like starving ghosts regardless of their status, and they didn't speak at the moment.

On the contrary, Xihe Bingxue was smart, so he naturally understood after seeing this scene: "Fellow Daoist Lin Long, few people come here on this Lunar Planet, and my sister and I also want to have fun, so why don't you let a few nephews sit down together?" Taste it, what do fellow Taoists think?"

"Then thank you two friends."

Only then did Lin Long nod his head, and San Xiao and Zhao Gongming over there hurriedly cupped their hands in thanks, and then sat down beside Lin Long cautiously.

"Please."

Xi He stretched out his hand to invite, Lin Long nodded, picked up a piece of laurel paste and put it into his mouth.

As soon as it is in the mouth, the taste is dense, and the faint sweet fragrance rushes into the mouth, and the spiritual power in the body seems to become active following the sweet fragrance.

And Lin Long's meridians all over his body felt much smoother at this moment.

You must know that the current Lin Long is a Hunyuan Golden Immortal, with all the meridians connected, and the immortal body is spotless.

This laurel cream can still make him feel this way, which shows its magic.

Seeing that Zhao Gongming and Sanxiao ate the laurel ointment, the aura in the whole body began to circulate unconsciously, hitting the acupuncture points.

"Several nephews, this laurel paste will be more effective when combined with sweet-scented osmanthus."

Obviously, Xi He was just mentioning Zhao Gongming and the others.

After San Xiao and Zhao Gongming thanked each other, they also drank the sweet-scented osmanthus brew in front of them in one gulp.

In an instant, the consciousness of several people fell into an ethereal state.

Lin Long could tell that his disciples were obviously immersed in the laws of heaven and earth.

Immediately, Lin Long waved his hand, and a small formation instantly enveloped the four of them, and no one could disturb them.

"What an exquisite formation!"

The two sisters, Xihe and Changxi, who were close to each other, saw the formation formed by Lin Long's wave, and their eyes lit up. After looking at each other, they both saw shock on each other's faces.

You know, the two sisters can also arrange this kind of formation, but it takes a lot of effort.

But as for Lin Long, he arranged them randomly with a wave of his hands!

It shows how accomplished Lin Long has been in the way of formation!

All of a sudden, the two sisters speculated that Lin Long should be a powerful person who specializes in formation techniques.

The strength of the Almighty who is proficient in the way of formation is definitely not weak. Among all the creatures, his strength is at the top!

The most important thing is that this kind of powerful person who is proficient in the way of formation can arrange all kinds of wonderful formations, which can not only be used to kill enemies, but also help in cultivation, refining tools and alchemy.

Ordinary creatures would not easily provoke a formation expert.

"My sister was a bit abrupt before, but I didn't expect Fellow Daoist Lin Long to have such a high attainment in formation."

Xi He's words were obviously admirable from the bottom of his heart.

However, Lin Long shook his head, and said, "Lin's attainments in the way of formation are not considered deep, but just a superficial practice. Fellow Daoist Xihe's praise makes Lin feel ashamed."

He wasn't lying.

He really hadn't deliberately practiced the way of formation, and what he relied on was nothing more than the law of formation and the pupil of the great way. In terms of means, among all the means of Lin Long, the way of formation is probably the weakest.

The law of time, the law of space, the law of force, the law of cause and effect, the law of good fortune, the law of five elements, the law of devouring plus various supernatural powers.

Every law is much stronger than the law of formation.

It's just that, when his truth fell into the ears of Xi He and the sisters, it turned into humility.

At least this is what the beautiful pair of sisters think: "Fellow Daoist Lin Long is really humble."

The second daughter smiled, and Changxi said curiously: "Friend Lin Long, you suddenly came to the Primordial Starry Sky, but you really shocked the creatures in the Primordial Starry Sky. The formation of the Primordial Starry Sky is not so easy to break. Yes, except for my two sisters and those two from Sun Star who know this restriction, it is difficult for the rest of the creatures to even sense this restriction."

"Ha ha."

Lin Long chuckled, and took a sip of sweet-scented osmanthus wine: "Lin is just a coincidence."

"I don't know why Fellow Daoist Lin Long came here suddenly. If there is something wrong, just speak up. If my sister can help, she will help."

Xihe and Changxi are not silly and sweet. When they see someone, they put them in their dojo directly, treating them like best friends.

For Lin Long, a powerful creature, the two of them still had a lot of vigilance, and what they said just now was actually a test.

Naturally, Lin Long would not be angry, after all, the reaction of the two sisters is human nature.

"Two fellow daoists, don't be nervous. I'm really just wandering around here. I don't have any malicious intentions, and I don't have any intentions. If I really say it, maybe it's a purpose to bring my disciples to learn more."

Hearing this, Xi He nodded. From Lin Long's eyes, she could tell that Lin Long didn't intend to lie.

I also want to know that the strength of the other party is countless times stronger than that of my sisters. If there is really a purpose, they will not lie.

"Since fellow daoists really came here for sightseeing, my sister and I are naturally willing to entertain fellow daoists."

Hearing this, Lin Long nodded without further explanation.

If you are upright, you are not afraid of the shadow slanting. Whether you are malicious or not, you will know in the future.

Putting down the cup made with sweet-scented osmanthus, Lin Long said again: "Two fellow Taoists, I, these unsatisfactory disciples, are at the critical moment of enlightenment. I have a heartfelt request. A fellow Taoist discusses the Dao, and through the sound of the Dao, help them break through the realm."

The Daoist voices among the mighty ones are of great help to monks with lower realms, if they are not targeted maliciously.

This is especially true for people like Sanxiao and Zhao Gongming who are in a state of enlightenment at this time.

The reason why Lin Long wanted to discuss the Dao with Xi He was not only to help his disciples, but also part of the reason was to reciprocate, to discuss the Dao, in order to repay the hospitality of Xi and the sisters.

"Okay, since the fellow daoist invited me, my sister and I will get the best of both worlds."

Apparently, Xi He and the sisters also knew what Lin Long meant, and they were overjoyed at the moment.

Lin Long nodded, his lips parted slightly.

"Taoists, the principles of heaven..."

Following Lin Long's opening, the truth of the Great Dao slowly drifted out.

Almost in an instant, the infinite Dao rhyme filled the air, completely enveloping the entire lunar star, bursting out ten thousand feet of Dao light, and giving birth to golden lotuses from the ground.

It is said to be a discussion, but in fact it can be regarded as Lin Long opening his mouth to give advice to Xi and the two daughters.

Such a vision on the Lunar Planet naturally attracted the attention of the creatures in the Primordial Starry Sky.

Especially Di Jun and Tai Yi on Sun Planet.

"What's going on? What happened to the Lunar Star? How could there be such a strong Dao Yun?"

Hearing Di Jun's words, Tai Yi hesitated for a moment, and then said: "Brother, those people who came to Sun Star earlier seem to have... gone to Tai Yin Star."


		