

"The karma of cause and effect is too great. In the future, the potential of the three tribes will be blocked by the way of heaven. I don't know what you want?"

As soon as Hongjun's words came out, Zulong Yuanfeng and Shi Qilin fell silent.

After all, there are only two or three big cats and kittens left in the three clans, and the three patriarchs have to sacrifice themselves to suppress the karma of the world. If the potential of the three clans is blocked again, they will be crushed to the bottom by the rest of the prehistoric races!

Think about it, when the three races were in glory, they used the other prehistoric and wild races to order them at will.

Now that the three clans are lonely, isn't that going to be sought after to death?

After a long while, Zu Long looked at Hongjun, and asked again: "Apart from this, is there really no other way?"

Hongjun didn't speak, just shook his head, the meaning was very obvious.

The three patriarchs looked at each other, facing this situation, they didn't know what to say.

In the end, it was the more courageous Shi Qilin who spoke first.

"I have no objection, the matter has come to this point, I am willing to sacrifice myself to seek the last chance for the tribe!"

There is no way, either, the whole clan will die together and be wiped out from the prehistoric world by the way of heaven, or, sacrifice yourself to save the last clansman!

Although in this case the potential of the tribe will be blocked, and the cultivation base will no longer be able to improve, but it is better than the destruction of the whole tribe.

Na Yuanfeng also gritted her teeth: "I also agree."

Seeing that the general situation was over, Zu Long closed his eyes and sighed: "Forget it, it's all our own fault, so let's do what you say."

Hongjun was overjoyed, but his face remained calm, and he said, "Since that's the case, fellow Taoist Zulong can guard the springs of the four seas, fellow Taoist Yuanfeng can guard the undead volcano, and fellow Taoist Shiqilin can guard the flood and desolation veins! "

"I will use the formula again, and I wish the way of heaven. As long as the way of heaven agrees, the three clans can be exempted from the danger of extinction. However, the karma behind this, and the realm of the descendants of the three clans, will no longer be able to advance."

The three patriarchs were already disheartened, and nodded upon hearing this.

This is the end of the matter, regretting is useless.

Originally, the three clans all had supreme luck, but because of this battle, they were completely exhausted.

And Hongjun didn't say any more, for fear that things would change if it was too late, and he had to use the method immediately.

However, at this moment, a cold drink suddenly sounded!

"I don't agree with this method!"

Hearing the voice suddenly, the patriarchs of the three clans looked astonished, while Hongjun was shocked.

Immediately, the four of them, together with the rest of the three clans, all looked towards the place where the voice came from.

I saw a green dragon breaking through the water and heading straight into the sky!

The water splashed on the blue dragon scales, like ice crystals, without touching it.

"Zulong! You still have a backhand!"

Yuanfeng and Shi Qilin's eyes widened immediately, and they looked at Zulong angrily.

However, when they saw Zulong's confused face at the moment, they also noticed something was wrong.

Obviously, this green dragon that suddenly appeared was not in Zulong's plan, otherwise Zulong wouldn't have such an expression.

The top combat power of the dragon clan, besides Zulong, Qinglong and Zhulong also participated in the battle, and they were seriously injured in the battle just now.

But now this green dragon is full of breath, mighty as hell!

However, they were only stunned for a moment, and then they reacted.

"This green dragon is the Cyanwood Dragon God of the Dragon Clan!"

Lin Long showed his true body and hovered in the air, only then did everyone see clearly.

The ten-thousand-foot five-clawed green dragon, in terms of its strong breath, is not inferior to the ancestor dragon, and its physical strength seems to be even better than the ancestor dragon!

"I don't agree with this matter!"

Lin Long also had no choice. Originally, according to his principle of safety first, he was unwilling to stand out in such a matter.

However, these years, he had a premonition that the three-clan war was coming, so he didn't even have time to refine the body of Taoist Mosquito. The karma between myself and the Dragon Clan.

After all, the three clans ended, and as a dragon clan, if he didn't cut off the cause and effect, he would be implicated accordingly.

Even though he has the potential to improve due to the favor of the Great Dao, he has not reached the extreme after all.

If he is blocked by the way of heaven, then his cultivation will never be able to improve, and he will be suppressed by the way of heaven forever.

After practicing for so many years, Lin Long suddenly discovered a bad news and a good news.

The bad news is that with his progress, it is very difficult to practice the law of karma to the point where he can cut off the karma with the dragon clan.

At least, he can't do it now.

After all, the Dragon Clan is the protagonist of the Dragon Han Tribulation, so it's not that easy to cut off cause and effect.

The good news is that when he was practicing the law of cause and effect, he accidentally discovered another usage of the law of cause and effect.

When he practiced, he tried to use the law of karma to cut off the karma of the dragon race, but the skeletal threads of karma were not cut off, but the luck of the dragon race was stained on it.

As a result, Lin Long's cultivation has been slowly improved with the help of this trace of luck!

This also made Lin Long understand.

Karma is actually a double-edged sword!

Everything in the world is not just cause and effect, it all depends on how it is used.

I have always wanted to cut off the karma with the Dragon Clan before, and this idea may be wrong.

And when you can't cut off the cause and effect, it's better to use this cause and effect to improve yourself!

What's more, he also heard what Hongjun said in the North Sea. Once the patriarchs of the three clans sacrificed themselves to suppress karma, then Lin Long, the dragon clan, would naturally have his potential locked up, and his cultivation base would have no progress!

Therefore, Lin Long couldn't sit still.

After deducing the future tens of thousands of times, he just showed up.

It was also because he wasted a lot of time during the deduction that it appeared so slow.

"Are you the Aoki Dragon God?"

Zulong watched the green dragon falling down and transforming into a human form in front of him, and asked suspiciously.

After all, the young man in front of him looked like he had just lost his childishness, and he still had a little youthful look.

In front of the three patriarchs, he looked extremely young.

But Lin Long shook his head, and said: "Dragon God once said that you named him privately. I have never agreed to it, but I should be the so-called Qingmu Dragon God in your mouth."

After confirming Lin Long's identity, Zu Long glared and shouted: "As a dragon clan, why have you been refusing to obey the orders of the dragon clan?"

However, Lin Long was not afraid, and glanced at Zu Long coldly: "Because I know that you will lead the Dragon Clan to this dead end!"

"Then why didn't you tell me about this!"

At this moment, Zu Long is like a gambler who has lost his eyes but regrets, blaming the people around him for not reminding him.

But Lin Long just said a word: "I tell you, you will change your mind? Even if you change your mind, are Yuan Feng and Shi Qilin willing to change their minds?"

Just a simple sentence made Zulong speechless for an instant, and even Yuanfeng and Shi Qilin looked at each other and sighed.

Yes, even if someone reminds you, who will listen?

This sentence seemed to have exhausted the strength of the patriarchs of the three clans, but before Lin Long could finish speaking, he paused for a moment before continuing to speak: "I didn't intend to get involved in such matters, but now, in front of you... I'm old and confused, if I don't show up again, I'm afraid you will walk on another dead end!"

"what?"

The patriarchs of the three clans immediately raised their heads when they heard the words, because they understood that what Lin Long said was not referring to Zulong alone.

On the other hand, Hongjun squinted his eyes slightly, and the jade plate of fortune hovered above his head, as if he had a bad premonition.

"Hmph, you listened to Luo Hu's words and ended up like this, but now you want to listen to this person's words again, don't you think the end is not miserable enough?"

Lin Long didn't save any face for Hongjun.

Anyway, he has deduced it countless times, just follow the script he has read beforehand.

Hearing Lin Long's words, Zu Long was stunned for a moment, and then realized that there was something in Lin Long's words.

Yes, Lin Long is also a Dragon Clan after all, so what he said is naturally more reliable than outsiders.

"Qingmu, for the sake of being a dragon clan, please point out the way for my dragon clan. I am willing to agree to any conditions!"

Although this ancestor dragon is arrogant and short-tempered, he is also sincerely thinking about the ethnic group.

Lin Long, on the other hand, took a deep breath and said, "The fierce battle among the three clans has indeed created a lot of killing karma, and punishment from heaven cannot be avoided. As the patriarchs of the three clans, you should naturally bear the main responsibility."

"As for other ethnic groups, although they are related, they must not imprison their potential!"

"In recent years, how powerful the three clans are in the prehistoric world, and how many good things they have looted, you don't know. It is said that you are guilty of committing crimes. If the three of you go to suppress karma and leave behind a group of juniors who have no potential and strength, you will have to fight against the extermination of the clan. What's the difference?"

The three clans without strength are equivalent to babies walking on the street with their arms full of wealth!

Moreover, it is still a baby that will never grow up, and there is no need to worry about being retaliated in the future.

In this way, isn't everyone able to step on it?

After a long time, it is strange that the clan is not extinct.

Seeing that the patriarchs of the three clans were about to change their minds according to Lin Long, Na Hongjun finally couldn't sit still.

"Fellow Daoist, what you said is wrong. The three clans ruled the world before, but after this battle, they will never be the same again. Why don't you hand over some belongings outside your body for protection."

To be honest, Lin Long's appearance completely disrupted Hongjun's plan.

He originally wanted to take advantage of this opportunity to make the three clans completely disappear on the prehistoric stage of history.

The best way to deal with the abandoned child is naturally to disappear.

Otherwise, maybe someday if the abandoned child comes back, won't it be troublesome?

What's more, in the final analysis of this matter, Luo Hu and his Hongjun did not have less plans behind the scenes.

The three clans carried more karma, so Hongjun naturally carried less.

On the other hand, if the karma of the three races is less, wouldn't it mean that there will be more karma on myself and Luo Hu?

This is not what Hongjun wants to see!

"Are you talking to me?"

At this moment, Lin Long didn't have the slightest intention to get up, but instead raised his eyebrows and looked at Hongjun.

After rehearsing the ending tens of thousands of times, Lin Long already understood that Hongjun is a tough guy.

The more powerful he is, the less Hongjun dares to act rashly.

You know, God knows that Luo Hu is hiding in that corner just waiting for Hongjun to be hurt!

"This is a matter of my three clans, I advise you to keep your mouth shut!"

Lin Long snorted coldly, and immediately, several Dao laws that were about to be perfected lingered all over his body!

The physical body and primordial spirit all exude the perfect breath of Daluo Jinxian!

All of a sudden, the breath of the patriarchs of the three clans was directly suppressed!

"This, what realm is this? Could it be that he has crossed that hurdle?"

Seeing this momentum, the patriarchs of the three clans immediately widened their eyes, their faces full of disbelief.

Although they could see that Lin Long's cultivation was Da Luo Jinxian Consummation, but this aura was far beyond the ordinary Da Luo Consummation!

"Not strong, but enough to protect our clan!"

While speaking, Lin Long's eyes kept staring at Hongjun, full of provocation, and he seemed to be disobedient to practice.


		