

With the gradual passage of time, the core members of the Lich clan have all entered the small world that was opened up.

The small world is rich in resources, no worse than Honghuang, and there are no other races competing for territory and resources, which makes the two Lich clans who made the decision to relocate feel grateful.

If they hadn't chosen to believe in Lin Long, how could the people of the second clan have such a good living environment?

Even with the ambition to fight for hegemony, the two clans have gradually let go.

What is the battle for hegemony in the wild map?

After all, isn't it just to survive better?

If you can directly obtain survival resources without bloodshed, and even live a better life, who has brain problems and insists on fighting to the death?

As for Dijun and Taiyi who were born with ambitions, they have gradually seen them away over the years.

As long as there is a big boss like Lin Long in the prehistoric world, the Yaozu will never be able to dominate. Even if Lin Long doesn't listen to Lin Long's orders, Lin Long can destroy the Yaozu with his backhand.

Now the Yaozu has opened up a small world alone. Although the scope is not as vast as the prehistoric, it is rich in resources and supplies. The Dijun brothers have gradually become bearish over the years.

What is fighting for hegemony, what is ambitious for hegemony, it is all passing.

Unfortunately, the facts often don't follow people's wishes.

The two Liches wanted to stop the war, but Hongjun, the manipulator behind it, was unwilling to see this scene.

Hongjun, who had left Taiyin Star, quickly made a second plan. In order to catch Lin Long by surprise, he didn't even return to the Zixiao Palace, and directly sneaked into the small world of the Yaozu.

Although the small world of the two clans of liches was opened up independently, because the pioneers were Di Jun and the Twelve Ancestral Witches, they could not be independent from the prehistoric world. With Hongjun's cultivation, it was easy to enter.

Looking at the scene in the small world of the Yaozu, Hongjun narrowed his eyes slightly.

"If it's really just for recuperation, it is indeed a good place, but your mission has not been completed, how can I let you stay here safely?"

Hongjun looked around, although he was in mid-air overlooking the entire small world of the Yaozu, but no one in the Yaozu could spot Hongjun.

This is also the horror of the saint!

If Hongjun didn't want to, except for Lin Long, he might not be able to find out even if he stood in front of others!

In the end, Hongjun's eyes dawdled for a long time, and finally set his target on a demon god.

This is a female demon god, with a good appearance, a coquettish dress, and a good heel.

It's just that compared with Xihe and Changxi, it lacks a natural beauty.

Now that the target has been found, Hongjun didn't make it so troublesome, a law of cause and effect popped out with a snap of his fingers, and shot directly between the eyebrows of the female demon god.

What Hongjun is most afraid of now is that things will change over time, so he doesn't bother to deal with such a set of marriage proposals, so he might as well be more straightforward.

Sure enough, the demon god was stunned, and involuntarily turned his gaze to the hall where the demon emperor Jun was.

"The right to give you a chance, you and Di Jun have to give birth to an heir earlier!"

Hongjun felt so tired, he looked like a female director of family planning office.

Daoist Daoist, now he is not busy with other things all day, and his mother is thinking about how to let people have children!

It would be a lie to say I'm not depressed.

"It's all to blame on that damned Lin Long. If he hadn't disrupted the situation, I wouldn't have done such a silly thing!"

Originally, that heavenly marriage would only take place after several saints were born.

But now, because of Lin Long's interference, the Heavenly Marriage had to be brought forward, but he wanted to advance it, so Lin Long walked in front of him again, directly destroying the Heavenly Marriage.

As a last resort, I can only find a demon god with a good foot to make do with it.

Next, it's not just Di Jun's childbirth that he has to worry about.

Because none of the six sages of heaven and earth was born, those things that should have been arranged for sages to do had to be done by oneself.

Thinking of these messes, how could Hongjun not feel resentful.

Cutting the mess quickly, he was afraid that something would happen again this time, so he didn't follow the routine of proposing marriage, and directly controlled the female demon god with tyrannical magic power, trying to touch God's handsome bed...

After finishing everything, Hongjun deliberately stayed for a while longer, watching the female demon god conceive God Jun's heir, and was not disturbed by Lin Long again, and then left contentedly.

Of course, Hongjun's worries this time were obviously superfluous.

After Lin Long's clone left Taiyin Star, he did not return directly to Beihai, but went to the small world of the Wu Clan.

With the status of a witch god, Lin Long is supreme among the entire witch clan, and returning to the witch clan is like returning to his own home.

"Let's come to Pangu Hall as soon as possible!"

In the small world of the witch clan, Lin Long's voice sounded in the minds of the twelve ancestor witches at the same time, which immediately made the twelve ancestor witches excited.

"Sorcerer God! It's Lord Sorcerer God!"

"Hurry up to the Pangu Hall! Lord Sorcerer God has orders!"

Immediately, the Twelve Ancestral Witches hurriedly put down what they were doing, stopped their practice, did not dare to delay, and immediately gathered in the Pangu Hall.

At this time, Lin Long had already sat upright, waiting for everyone.

"I will pay my respects to Lord Sorcerer God."

When they saw Lin Long again, all the ancestor witches were very excited.

Lin Long taught the Wu people how to open up this small world, as well as various sowing, planting and captive breeding techniques, which completely solved the living difficulties of the Wu people.

Now living in a small world, apart from honing their combat skills, the Wu Clan no longer had to rely on hunting for a living.

Even with the loss of the Wu clan, it is naturally gone.

Before moving into the small world, the population of the witch clan has been declining due to friction with the monster clan, and the total number has not been increased.

But now, in the past few thousand years, under Lin Long's guidance, the number of Wu Clan children has increased by more than 30%.

This is definitely a huge improvement for the Wu Clan!

This is the benefit of seeing it with their own eyes, so the Wu Clan is naturally more convinced of Lin Long.

"Forget it, let's all get up."

Lin Long waved his hand and said, "I don't have any important orders to call you here today. I just want to inform you that the Wu Clan has now moved into the small world. From now on, just develop with peace of mind. Necessary, don't leave the small world easily, otherwise disasters will easily occur."

After the twelve ancestor witches stood up, they all nodded.

And the reason why Lin Long said this is because Hongjun has already set his sights on the Lich family, but as the ancestor of Taoism, he relies on his identity and wants to conform to the way of heaven, so many things can't be done blatantly, but can only be poked secretly Use means, or add fuel to the flames.

As for what Lin Long has to do, it is to destroy the established heavenly marriage and control the witch clan.

As long as the witch clan doesn't cause trouble, no matter how much Hongjun plots against the monster clan, nothing will happen.

"Yes, we will follow the orders of Lord Sorcerer God!"

The Twelve Ancestral Witches looked serious and nodded seriously.

"Don't worry, Lord Wu Shen, I will give orders on this matter later."

"Now the people of the Wu Clan have basically arrived in this small world. As long as I wait to give the order, the Wu Clan and the outside world will be completely closed. This amount of calamity will not even show my face. I don't believe that there will be disasters .”

"That's right, Lord Witch God, I, Zhu Rong, guarantee with my life that no witch clan will appear in the prehistoric world in the future!"

Seeing that a group of ancestral witches said so, Lin Long nodded: "Okay, let's arrange this matter for now, and I will leave a spiritual thought in the Pangu Hall later, if there is anything important, you can let me know at any time I."

As Lin Long's cultivation became higher and higher, he became more and more proficient in using supernatural powers freely.

It is naturally easy to have a way to reshape the supernatural powers and leave a divine sense that has always existed in the Pangu Hall.

Then I saw Lin Long pinching the magic formula with his hands, and soon, a divine sense created by the law of force appeared in front of the eyes of the twelve ancestor witches.

Seeing this divine thought, while the ancestor witches were horrified, their eyes were also shining brightly.

Because, they all found that as long as they stayed around this divine sense, their cultivation would gradually improve!

After all, it was created by the law of force, and the divine sense and the Twelve Ancestral Witches have the same origin, so it will naturally have this effect.

Although the effect of this improvement is negligible, but as time accumulates, this is a huge improvement!

Before Lin Long helped Houtu Ancestral Witch to directly improve his potential and realm, none of the Ancestral Witches had forgotten.

It's just that knowing that the witch clan will be exterminated in the future had a great impact on the ancestor witches, so they didn't pay attention to it for a while. Now, the opportunity is ushered in again, how can this group of ancestor witches not be excited!

"I am waiting to thank you, Lord Sorcerer God!"

A group of beneficiary ancestral witches respectfully saluted Lin Long again.

Lin Long didn't speak. He used the Dao to reshape and leave behind this divine sense avatar, which was not just as simple as helping the Wu Clan improve their cultivation.

This is also a backhand he left behind in the Wu Clan.

This spiritual avatar can not only improve the blood purity and physical realm of the witch clan, but the most important function is to help them breed primordial spirits and ensure the clarity of their spiritual consciousness.

In the midst of Lich's calamity, Hongjun's methods are actually not particularly clever.

The reason why they were able to successfully provoke the fierce battle between the two clans of Liches was because of Di Jun’s ambition on the one hand, and on the other hand, it was because the witch clan was too scheming, their consciousness was chaotic, they didn’t know how to think at all, and they could die casually. dead.

But now that he has his divine sense avatar, the Wu clan is equivalent to an extra guarantee.

When encountering things again, being able to think calmly means that Lin Long's actions today were not in vain.


		