

Lin Long didn't know how depressed and angry Xiyin and Zhunti were.

But even if he knew, he wouldn't care.

At this time, he was holding a piece of spiritual vein stolen from the west in his hand, and he returned to Beihai in just a moment.

San Xiao and Zhao Gongming had already been waiting on the North Sea, and standing beside the four of them was Kunpeng.

"Master."

After seeing Lin Long, San Xiao and Zhao Gongming were overjoyed and rushed to meet him.

Lin Long nodded, motioning them to be quiet, then looked at Kunpeng, smiled and said, "Friend Kunpeng, thank you."

Kunpeng hurriedly waved his hands repeatedly, and said, "No need, no need, fellow Taoist."

Obviously, Lin Long didn't want too many people to know about their relationship, so Kunpeng naturally followed Lin Long's wishes.

"Master, what is this in your hand?"

The lively Bi Xiao couldn't hold back any longer, stepped forward and hugged Lin Long's elbow, and asked.

Lin Long chuckled, and explained casually: "This is a good thing, the spirit vein of the Western world!"

"what?!"

Before Sanxiao and Zhao Gongming opened their mouths, Kunpeng blurted out in surprise, his small eyes that had been slightly squinted widened immediately after hearing these words, his face full of disbelief.

"Master... Dao, Fellow Daoist, you mean, this is the spiritual vein of the Western world?"

Good guy, although I heard what Lin Long said clearly, Kunpeng still couldn't believe it.

This is a major event that stole the luck of the West, Lin Long actually did it so lightly!

Lin Long nodded: "That's right, it's the spiritual vein of the West, but not all of it, just a part of it."

Although what Lin Long said was calm, Kunpeng still couldn't calm down for a while.

This is just crazy!

"Friend Daoist, do you know the cause and effect involved in this matter?"

Kunpeng couldn't help reminding.

"No problem."

Lin Long nodded casually and said: "Of course I know about this matter, don't worry about it, I have my own way to solve it."

Seeing what Lin Long said, Kunpeng couldn't say anything, so he nodded and shut up and didn't mention it again.

"Let's go, I took some of you guys as apprentices, but I didn't take you to the dojo where I was a teacher. Today, I will open your eyes."

Hearing this, Sanxiao and Zhao Gongming all became excited.

Bringing a few people to Beihai Haiyan, Lin Long stood in front of Haiyan with his hands behind his back.

"Remember the formula for the teacher, so that you can come back by yourself in the future."

While speaking, Lin Long typed out a formula, and the Dao Seal took shape impressively, sinking into Beihai Haiyan in an instant.

Immediately, the sea eye suddenly turned into a different kind of space, and when he came to his senses, several people were already in another world.

Sanxiao and Zhao Gongming slowly opened their eyes, but were too shocked by the scene before them to speak.

In the eyes, the world is vast and the star field is vast.

A moment ago, he was at the bottom of the North Sea, but now he was in a starry sky.

Not far ahead, three adjacent fairy islands can be seen standing high in the void, and the sun, moon and stars all revolve around these three fairy islands alternately.

In the next moment, a bridge built by stars extended to the feet of several people.

Stepping on the bridge, the three fairy islands are getting closer and closer to them.

When viewed from a distance, the three fairy islands are still in the void, appearing lonely.

But when they got closer, Sanxiao and Zhao Gongming were shocked again.

These three fairy islands are extremely lively, and people from the three tribes who have rarely been seen in the prehistoric world can be seen everywhere here.

Before Lin Long landed on the fairy island, members of the three clans had already come out to greet him.

"I'm waiting to welcome Lord Dragon God!"

The sound resounded throughout the universe. At this moment, San Xiao and the others really realized what kind of big man their master is.

On the Three Immortals Island, if one is randomly pulled out, the cultivation base is not known to be much stronger than oneself.

Lin Long glanced at Sanxiao and Zhao Gongming, and said to the people of the three clans: "They are my disciples who I have taken abroad, and they will also live in Sanxian Island in the future, you should get to know each other, and don't make any misunderstandings. "

Hearing that San Xiao and Zhao Gongming were Lin Long's disciples, all the members of the three tribes looked enviously.

"Yes, Dragon God, don't worry, I'll ask someone to arrange accommodation for a few... a few adults."

Lin Long's status is noble, and the status of San Xiao and Zhao Gongming are naturally also noble.

The manager who spoke didn't know how to address Sanxiao and Zhao Gongming for a moment, but after thinking about it, it was most appropriate to call him an adult.

Lin Long nodded: "Well, you can look at the arrangements for this matter, the rest don't need to be here, just do what you need to do.

"Yes."

After receiving Lin Long's words, the three tribes on the island got up, but they didn't leave.

Kunpeng had no choice but to remind Lin Long in a low voice: "Master, they will not leave when you are here."

Lin Long immediately understood that his reputation in Sanxian Island was too high.

It's right to think about it, if the prestige is low, your Taoist Mosquito avatar will have no faith to use.

Immediately, Lin Long nodded, and waved to Sanxiao and Zhao Gongming: "Let's go, I will show you around first, Master."

After all, Lin Long took on the shape of a dragon and flew deeper into Sanxian Island.

San Xiao and Zhao Gongming followed naturally happily.

It wasn't until several people left that the three clans dispersed.

However, the leaders elected by each of the dragon, phoenix, and kylin clans remained and surrounded Kunpeng.

"Master Kunpeng, Dragon God is back this time, do we need to prepare a banquet?"

"That's right, that's right, the Dragon God brought his disciples this time, so we can't be negligent."

"Speaking of which, there are several top-level fairy mansions on Yingzhou Island, which are just right for the disciples of the Dragon God."

"Hey! You old fellow of the Qilin tribe, you have too many eyes! Of course the disciples of the Dragon God should live in Penglai Island of my dragon tribe!"

"Go, go, go, three of the disciples of the Dragon God are female disciples. It is most suitable to live in my Feng Clan. If you go to Penglai, of course you will live in Fangzhang Island!"

The new administrators elected by several ethnic groups were arguing about the residence of disciple Lin Long.

Kunpeng was annoyed by the quarrel and said, "Okay, don't argue, the residence of Lord Dragon God's disciples is up to them to choose, and you just need to provide the fairy house."

With Sanxiao and Zhao Gongming, Lin Long came to the palace prepared by the three clans.

Lin Long's eyes twitched as he looked at the palace, which was several times more splendid than the Zulong Palace.

Good guy, this group of guys are too exaggerated, they are afraid that they will turn their faces by neglecting themselves!

"Wow! Master, your palace is the most gorgeous I have ever seen!"

Looking at the shining palace, Bi Xiao couldn't help but speak.

Even Yun Xiao, who has always been calm, couldn't help nodding in agreement with Bi Xiao's words.

But Lin Long's attention was on another place.

I saw the innate gourd vine placed by myself in the depths of the void, shining with precious light at this moment.

"Huh? Is this gourd vine going to be advanced?"


		