

Kunpeng's work efficiency is good, but within a short time, he has already arranged a place for Lin Long to clean up.

It is located in the deepest part of Kunpeng's demon master's palace, and there are very few creatures who can find it here.

Even those aquatic creatures who serve Kunpeng usually don't come here.

As for the genius land treasures that Lin Long needed, they were all delivered by Kunpeng himself.

This North Sea is barren, and it may be difficult to find treasures, but spiritual roots and spiritual fruits are common in this prehistoric era.

With the Dao contract, Lin Long would not be polite in using any spiritual roots and fruits that Kunpeng sent.

Is it necessary to be polite about the things sent by my servant?

Seeing the figure of Kunpeng retreating after delivering the things, Lin Long also had thoughts in his heart.

"Now Kunpeng is restricted by my Dao contract, and it is impossible to cause any trouble in the future. Hong Yun, who was supposed to die in Kunpeng's hands, was indirectly saved by me this time. The cause and effect is really amazing."

When leaving Wuzhuang Temple, Hong Yun secretly stole all the ginseng fruits from Zhen Yuanzi and gave them to Lin Long.

This cause and effect Lin Long has not had time to erase in the future.

Now that he has subdued Kunpeng, he may not have the intention of repaying this karma in the dark.

"It seems that if you do something in the future, you still have to erase the cause and effect in time. If it's a good thing, it's fine. If you do something bad and forget to erase the cause and effect, you can only be the one who hurts you in the end!"

"However, in the best case, you can still find some magic weapons that are not related to cause and effect, so that you won't have so many scruples in acting."

"Let me think about it, there don't seem to be many treasures that do not touch karma in the prehistoric world. There are two swords of Yuantu Abi in the Nether Blood Sea Patriarch Styx. Besides, should they be measuring the sky?"

Lin Long thought for a moment, but he didn't deduce the probability of obtaining these non-stick treasures.

Because, he is temporarily unavailable.

That Kunpeng has been bound by the Dao contract, so it will naturally not cause any harm to Hongyun. As for the catastrophe without Kunpeng, whether Hongyun will have other life and death catastrophes in the future is not something Lin Long can worry about.

With Hongyun's character, even without Kunpeng, it would be very dangerous to hang around in the prehistoric world. As a friend, I should persuade him, and the rest is Hongyun's own problem.

Thinking in his heart, Lin Long fell into practice again.

He was not in a hurry to immediately refine Taoist Mosquito's body, but directly took various genius treasures sent by Kunpeng.

These things are very helpful for strengthening the physical body.

Give him some more time, and his physical body will soon be able to break through the shackles and reach the late stage of Daluo Jinxian, which is in the same state as the primordial spirit.

At that time, both the body and soul will be perfect, and your combat power will definitely increase exponentially.

At that time, security is also more guaranteed.


Lin Long practiced peacefully in the depths of the demon master's palace, but he didn't know that after he and Kunpeng left, two figures appeared at the battle place.

Although these two figures are in human form, they have horns on their heads and a dragon's tail hanging behind their backs. Obviously, they are members of the Dragon Clan.

"The fluctuation just now came from here."

"Are you sure? There doesn't seem to be any signs of damage from the battle here."

"It is true that the traces of the battle are not obvious, but it is because of this that it looks terrifying. What kind of battle do you think can't even leave traces?"

"One side is too strong and completely crushed!"

The two dragon people looked at each other, and they both saw a trace of shock in each other's eyes.

Although I don't know who is fighting here, but I can be sure that the strength of the two sides is absolutely terrifying!

"This is the battlefield between our clan and the Phoenix and Qilin clans. Now that such a powerful creature appears, we must investigate it and report it to Zulong!"

Another member of the dragon tribe nodded and said, "If you remember correctly, this place is the territory of a creature named Kunpeng, and his strength is also very good. You might as well ask him, how close is he to this place? May not know anything."

"It makes sense, let's go!"

The two discussed and made a decision immediately.

As for whether Kunpeng would tell them or not, they never thought about it at all.

You must know that the power of the Dragon Clan in the prehistoric world is so powerful that it can be said to be at the peak of the sky. Except for the Phoenix Clan and the Qilin Clan, few creatures dare to refute the face of the Dragon Clan.

That Kunpeng's territory is in Beihai, which belongs to the dragon clan's jurisdiction, so Kunpeng will definitely cooperate obediently!

After a while, the two dragons came to the Kunpeng Palace, the Demon Master's Palace.

"Where is Kunpeng? Ask the Dragon Clan, show up quickly!"

The tone of the two when speaking can be described as unceremonious.

Kunpeng naturally heard it.

Not only Kunpeng heard it, but even Lin Long in the deep part of the palace heard it clearly.

This unscrupulous behavior of forcibly disturbing the seabed with mana made Lin Long frowned involuntarily.

"Today's Dragon Clan really doesn't have any rules. It's so arrogant, no wonder it will end."

When Kunpeng over there heard the yelling, a killing intent flashed in his eyes.

The Dao contract will only make Kunpeng loyal to Lin Long, but it will not change his character.

Kunpeng is still the vicious and sinister Kunpeng!

However, this matter involves the Dragon Clan. If the ones outside the palace are the Phoenix Clan or the Qilin Clan, Kunpeng will not hesitate to make a move. Anyway, fierce battles among the three clans abound, even if he kills two insignificant little characters, The three clans couldn't spare the time to deal with themselves.

It's a big deal, just practice in another place.

However, Lin Long is the Qingmu Dragon God of the Dragon Clan, and now the one outside the palace is the Dragon Clan, so Kunpeng decided to ask Lin Long what he meant first.

Immediately, Kunpeng immediately followed the Dao contract and said to Lin Long: "Master, it is estimated that the dragon clan discovered the traces of our previous battle with Taoist Mosquito. How should I answer? Tell the truth or lie to them?"

Lin Long pondered for a moment, and then he sent a voice transmission: "Just tell them, just say that I just fought with Taoist Mosquito, Taoist Mosquito escaped, and I went after Taoist Mosquito."

After considering the cause and effect of Hongyun's gift of ginseng fruit just now, he had already erased the cause and effect of the battle just now out of caution. With his current attainments in the law of cause and effect, he believed that no one except Hongjun, the sixth child, could deduce the anomaly. .

Even the patriarch of the three clans is impossible!

However, even though the cause and effect have been erased, it is necessary to find a suitable reason to dismiss them, otherwise those domineering dragons will definitely stare at them closely, and it will be impossible for them not to show up at that time.

He didn't want to be involved at this moment as he watched the fierce battle between the three clans flourish.

"Yes, master, this old slave will send them away."

After understanding what Lin Long meant, Kunpeng also got up and left the palace.

The two dragon people standing in front of the door saw Kunpeng appearing, and immediately looked domineering, and hummed: "You are Kunpeng?!"

Although these two guys are only in the early stage of Da Luo Jinxian, relying on the power of the dragon clan, they don't care about Kunpeng, a strong man in the late stage of Da Luo Jinxian.

And Lin Long, who watched all this with the eyes of the Dao in the depths of the demon master's palace, couldn't help but shook his head.

Although the demise of the Dragon Clan was calculated by Luo Hu and Hongjun, the two elders, there were also reasons for the Dragon Clan itself. The starting point was too high, which made this group of guys arrogant and lost all respect for everyone.

Shaking his head and sighing, Lin Long sent a voice transmission to Kunpeng again: "Kunpeng, don't worry about me, just do whatever you want with your usual personality, and don't let others see your flaws."

Hearing Lin Long's voice transmission, Kunpeng was overjoyed, and quickly transmitted the voice: "Yes, this old slave understands."

"I am Kunpeng, two dragons, what's your business here?"

Kunpeng is also neither humble nor overbearing, a strong man in the later period of Luo Jinxian, and he has his own arrogance.

"Let me ask you, did some powerful people fight against each other just now?"

Hearing the question, Kunpeng nodded slightly, and said, "That's right, there was indeed a fight between powerful people just now, and it was the Qingmu Dragon God of the Dragon Clan and Taoist Mosquito."

"what?!"

The two dragon people were taken aback, and then hurriedly said: "Master Dragon God! You mean that Lord Dragon God fought against Taoist Mosquito here just now?"

"good."

Kunpeng nodded: "It's right here."

"Then where are they now?"

The two dragon clans asked, if they could know the whereabouts of the Aoki Dragon God and pull the Aoki Dragon God into the battlefield, the dragon clan would definitely have a greater advantage!

"The Mosquito Taoist was defeated by the Cyanwood Dragon God, and had already escaped, so the Dragon God naturally chased after him."

Kunpeng said it lightly, but the two dragon clans snorted and said, "Hmph, a mere Daoist Mosquito dares to fight my dragon god, and he will kill himself!"

"Lord Dragon God appeared in Beihai and went after Taoist Mosquito. This matter is of great importance and must be reported to Zulong!"

If there is one more dragon god on the battlefield, it will be enough to boost the morale of the dragon clan, not to mention that with the strength of the Qingmu dragon god, he will definitely be able to crush the phoenix and unicorn clans!

However, one of the dragons suddenly thought of something, frowned and looked at Kunpeng, and said dissatisfiedly: "Just now you saw the dragon god fighting with Taoist Mosquito, why didn't you come forward to help? Could it be that you didn't put our dragons on the ground?" In eyes?"

"You are in the North Sea. My Dragon Clan is in charge of the Primordial Water Clan. You are one of them. What's the point of sitting idly by?"


		