

"Second brother, now that the Dragon Clan has come to your door, what do you think about this matter?"

Laozi and Tongtian looked at Yuanshi Tianzun helplessly.

Yuan Shi was already so angry that his seven orifices were smoked at this moment.

"Dragon Clan, bullying too much!"

Yuan Shi, who has always been arrogant, was blocked at the door of his house and couldn't get out. If Lao Tzu and Tong Tian didn't stop him, he might have gone out to fight the Dragon Clan to the death.

But then again, the current dragon clan is really too strong. Even if Sanqing can barely protect himself, if he is really entangled, he will be troubled in the future.

"Sanqing, wait for you bastard! Come out quickly!"

"Since you dare to come to my East China Sea to do these stealthy things, why don't you dare to come out now!"

"Today, I, Aohai, will lead all the aquatic tribes to uphold justice for the Demon Whale King!"

"You guys claim to be authentic Pangu, is that the way to go?"

"Behavior like this, you still have the face to flaunt your integrity, get out of here quickly!"

In the sky, Ao Hai, Zulong's third son, kept shouting, without any intention of saving Sanqing's face.

In the Kunlun Mountain Dojo, Yuanshi Tianzun was furious when he heard these words.

"Brother, third brother, listen to what these bastards are talking about!"

"Let me go out, otherwise the Honghuang monks will think that I, Sanqing, are afraid of their dragon clan!"

Yuanshi Tianzun sacrificed Yu Ruyi, looking desperate!

What the hell is this called? I went to the East China Sea by myself, and I really thought about it a little bit, but the problem is, I didn't get any benefits! As for doing this to yourself?

The most important thing is that cause and effect are entangled in me, even if I want to explain it, I can't explain it clearly!

"It's all that damn fellow Sanxian Island Master! If I see him again, no matter who he is, I must make him look good!"

Listening to Yuanshi Tianzun's words, Tongtian shook his head and said, "Okay, second brother, stop complaining here, let's think about how to solve the current problem first."

"It's not a solution to be blocked by the dragon clan in our dojo. If this continues, we will lose all face."

Being complained by Tong Tian, ​​Yuan Shi also snorted coldly: "Hmph, you think I think so?"

Even though he was angry, he couldn't think of any good way.

Go out, you may not be able to beat it! After all, the Dragon Clan is now utterly extinct and powerful.

But if you don't go out, you will inevitably be seen as a joke by the creatures of the prehistoric and desolate.

In fact, the commotion in Kunlun Mountain has already attracted the attention of a large number of prehistoric monks.

After all, the Dragon Clan is now the focus of the prehistoric world. With so many Aquarium Clans making moves, it's hard for monks not to pay attention.

"I didn't expect that this time the Dragon Clan would go to war, not for the Feng Clan and the Qilin Clan, but to find Sanqing here."

"What do you know, Yuanshi from Sanqingzhong relied on his own cultivation and went to the East China Sea to search for treasures, but he refused to admit it when he was caught."

"Ah? Really? There are so many spiritual treasures in Kunlun Mountain, why did Yuanshi go to the East China Sea to find treasures?"

"Hey, who knows, these three Qings claim to be the authentic Pangu and have high morals, but who knows exactly how. Right now, this will be revealed."

"Well, it makes sense. If you take the treasure, you just take it, and you don't dare to admit it. This is the most contemptible place."

All the living beings watching this incident commented on Sanqing, and they all felt that Sanqing dared to act or not.

And Lin Long had also come to Kunlun Mountain at this time, changed his appearance and mixed among the living beings, listened to everyone's discussion, and knew the ins and outs of the matter, he couldn't help laughing inwardly.

"I'm afraid this guy wants to eat people now."

The benefits were not reaped, but the pot was firmly carried.

However, this is very beneficial to Lin Long.

"It seems that I came in a timely manner. If Sanqing is free in Kunlun Mountains, I have to be careful when looking for the good luck jade plate, and it is easy to be found."

"Now that the dragon clan is here to restrain me, it saves me a lot of trouble."

Just as Lin Long was pondering in secret, San Qing finally flew out from the dojo, stood in mid-air, and looked at the densely packed aquarium.

"Hmph, Sanqing, you three cowards, you finally dare to come out."

Ao Hai saw Sanqing appearing, with his huge dragon head sticking out of the clouds, and a look of disdain appeared in his eyes.

Yuanshi Tianzun looked at Ao Hai's eyes and felt even more annoyed.

"Dragon Clan, you guys are really deceiving people too much. Do you really think that I, Sanqing, are afraid of you?"

"If you want to fight, you can fight, but there is one thing to explain, I didn't take anything from your dragon clan!"

Seeing Yuanshi Tianzun showing his head, Ao Hai sneered: "Hmph, you didn't take it if you said you didn't take it? Can you treat me like a fool?"

"If you really didn't take it, why is the cause and effect on you? What is the explanation for the destroyed body of the Demon Whale King? It is useless to say more, Yuan Shi, I must give my Dragon Clan an explanation today, otherwise, I will flatten your Kunlun Mountain!"

After a few words, Yuanshi Tianzun's face was gloomy, and he felt a flame continuously rising in his heart: "Hmph, I don't know about cause and effect! But if there are people who are proficient in cause and effect, they may not be able to deal with this matter." Play tricks."

Ao Hai naturally didn't believe this kind of statement: "If there is no such thing, why did you go to our East China Sea?"


This time, Yuan Shi was stunned speechless.

Let's go on, isn't it revealed that I have really been to the East China Sea and attacked Sanxian Island?

It's hard to say whether the entanglement of the dragon clan can be shaken off, but the fact that I wanted to snatch the treasure and didn't snatch it, but caused a lot of trouble, is about to spread in the wild.

That's not to be laughed off by the second brother!

With Yuanshi's personality, he couldn't even tell the truth about it!

But Ao Hai saw that Yuanshi Tianzun could not refute, so he no longer doubted it, and issued an order directly.

"All the aquariums obey the order! Today, Kunlun Mountain will be wiped out!"

As soon as an order was given, the sound of battle shook the sky!

On the side of the dragon clan, Ao Hai's realm is in the late stage of Daluo Jinxian!

The rest of the Dragon Clan is relatively inferior, but the advantage lies in the large number of them, and the fact that the Dragon Clan is powerful, San Qing seems somewhat restrained in his actions, and for a while, the Dragon Clan is at a disadvantage.

Lin Long, who was in the dark, saw the inextricable fight between the two sides, and knew that his chance had come.

Time was running out, so he didn't waste time, but directly used his magical powers.

[You used your supernatural powers to know the future, guided by the fragments of the jade disk of good fortune in your hand, and noticed that another fragment of the jade disk of good fortune was under the Yuxu Palace in Kunlun Mountain]

"Under Yuxu Palace?"

Lin Long couldn't help being stunned for a moment. He thought that the fragments of the good fortune jade plate were probably hidden in a corner of Kunlun Mountain, but it turned out to be under the Yuxu Palace?

This Yuxu Palace is the Taoist monastery of the Sanqing in Kunlun Mountain. After the separation of the Sanqing in the future, this place will become the exclusive place of Yuanshi Tianzun.

This... I just let someone take the blame for me, and now I want to dig someone else's foundation?

Of course, Lin Long didn't think he was unkind.

At the beginning, Yuanshi Tianzun wanted to take away Lin Long's Sanxian Island, but now he just dug the foundation of Yuxu Palace, without any psychological pressure at all.

Besides, Yuanshi Tianzun has already been offended anyway, and he is not afraid of offending him deeper.

Immediately, he had already searched against the future, looking for an opportunity not to be discovered, and headed in the direction of Yuxu Palace.

With the convenience of knowing the future, Lin Long quickly found the location following the information on the fortune jade plate.

Holding two good fortune jade plates in his hand, it seemed that he was being pulled, and the two pieces were fused together.

"It's done!"

Lin Long was overjoyed, he could feel that the new creation jade disc fragments recorded more and more perfect rules!

However, before Lin Long could be happy, a roar suddenly came from mid-air.

That was Yuanshi Tianzun's roar!

"Ao Hai! You are presumptuous! How dare you destroy my dojo!"

Immediately, Ao Hai's rough voice also shook the sky: "Hahahaha, Yuanshi, don't talk about a mere dojo, I want to level it today, but Kunlun Mountain!"

The sound fell, and a majestic force directly faced Kunlun Mountain, crushing it down!

boom--

The huge explosion set off smoke and dust in the sky!

Seeing Kunlun Mountain destroyed in one blow, Yuanshi Tianzun's eyes were about to burst!

However, what is even more shocking is that after the smoke and dust passed, a green dragon figure with a length of hundreds of feet slowly emerged from the bottom of the ruins of Yuxu Palace.

Ao Hai's eyes widened even more now, and he roared angrily: "Yuanshi, you dare to imprison the people of our dragon tribe in the dojo!"


		