

The nephrite jade was warm and fragrant, and Lin Long turned his face when he heard soft words, and found that Chang Xi was almost close to him. Immediately, an imperceptible embarrassment flashed across Lin Long's face.

"Ahem..."

Almost kissing Changxi, Lin Long coughed dryly, then moved a little away calmly, took a sip of sweet-scented osmanthus brew.

"It's nothing important, don't say it, don't say it."

Hongjun has already said what should be said, and his goal has been achieved without knowing it, Lin Long doesn't want to talk too much and cause trouble for himself.

However, he underestimated the little girl Changxi.

I almost kissed this little girl just now, but now Lin Long moved a little further away, the little girl turned her big eyes around, and approached Lin Long again with a smirk on her face.

"Brother Lin, Hongjun Daozu just asked my sister for something, and you also said that you had something for my sister."

"The Daoist ancestor came to propose marriage, you probably wouldn't... you also came to propose marriage."

Hearing this, Lin Long couldn't hold back for a moment, and spewed out a mouthful of sweet-scented osmanthus stuffing.

"puff……"

Fortunately, Xihe was next to him, Changxi was in his ear, and not opposite him, otherwise, if this mouthful of sweet-scented osmanthus brew was sprayed on the face of the second daughter, it would be really embarrassing.

"Brother Lin, are you okay?"

Xi He didn't bother to listen to what Chang Xi and Lin Long said, and she was just thinking about Hongjun's affairs, so she didn't know about the petty actions between her sister and Lin Long.

But Lin Long suddenly spewed out a mouthful of sweet-scented osmanthus wine, which startled Xi He.

Lin Long hurriedly wiped the corners of his mouth, and waved his hands to cover up his embarrassment: "Ahem, it's okay, I was a little anxious to drink just now, and I choked."

"Hahahaha, Brother Lin, you are too careless."

Chang Xi laughed out loud, causing Lin Long to stare at the little girl. This girl is familiar with him, and now she dares to tease him like this!

But this Chang Xi had unintentionally made half of her intentions right.

I didn't come here to propose marriage, but to destroy it!

Of course, this time is definitely not the right time to talk about it.

"I've stayed here long enough today, so I'll go back first, and come over to chat someday."

Speaking of which, Lin Long got up and walked out, completely refusing to give Xi He and Chang Xi a chance to react.

Xi He was taken aback: "Why are you in such a hurry, Brother Lin? Could it be that your interest was disturbed by Na Hongjun?"

"Don't pay any attention to him. There are very few guests in our Guanghan Palace. Since Big Brother Lin is here today, why don't you stay a little longer."

Xi He didn't understand why Lin Long had to leave after sitting for a long time.

It was very likely that Hongjun, who didn't understand etiquette, disturbed Brother Lin's interest. Thinking of this, Xihe hated Hongjun even more.

Hongjun had no idea that he had unintentionally offended the second daughter of Taiyinxing again.

But even if you came here to talk about marriage, you didn't force him, just asked a question, how could you become a rude person?

Of course, it was impossible for Lin Long to stay. The little girl Changxi had guessed a lot of things at this moment, and if she stayed here, she might say something.

My relationship with Xihe and Changxi is not bad now, if the two sisters know that my purpose is actually the same as Hongjun, how should I look at myself?

What's more, that little girl Changxi always teased him, he really thought that if he couldn't hold back and caused some trouble, it would be a lot of fun.

Immediately, Lin Long stopped hesitating, cupped his fists and turned around to leave, not giving Xi He any room to persuade him.

When Xi He reacted, Lin Long's figure had disappeared.

Xi He was left stunned: "Brother Lin, what's going on? Why is it so hot? Could it be that we have something disrespectful?"

Lin Long helped Taiyin Star set up such a formation, Xi He thought about thanking Lin Long this time, but before he could say a few words, Lin Long left in a hurry, making Xi He a little at a loss.

On the other hand, Chang Xi covered her mouth and snickered, and couldn't hide her laughter at the end.

My own sister, the reaction is too slow!

Up to now, he still really thinks that Brother Lin is just here to chat.

"why are you laughing?"

Chang Xi's big laugh naturally aroused Xi He's confusion, and he asked, "Could it be that Brother Lin told you something?"

"Hahahaha, sister, Brother Lin didn't say anything to me."

Chang Xi laughed and said, "But, sister, do you really want to thank Brother Lin?"

"Of course, Brother Lin has kindness to you and me. The prehistoric world is in turmoil, and the Primordial Starfield is no exception. If it weren't for Brother Lin, how could you and I have such peace these years."

Xi He nodded and said seriously.

And Changxi said slyly: "Then sister, what do you think of Brother Lin?"

Xi He didn't notice Chang Xi's expression, but thought carefully about Chang Xi's words, and said in a deep voice, "Brother Lin is of course an excellent person, and his cultivation level is not inferior to that of Dao Zu Hongjun. He is definitely the top of the prehistoric world today Strong, and I didn't feel Hongjun's aloofness in Big Brother Lin at all, in short, it's right to feel close to others."

"Hee hee, sister, do you think why Brother Lin came to Taiyin Star this time?"

Hearing Chang Xi's words, Xi He couldn't help but startled: "Why did you come here? Didn't you come here to sit and sit when you have nothing to do?"

"Oh, my good sister, isn't your head usually very bright, why can't you turn around today."

Changxi looked like she hated iron for being weak, and guided her: "Brother Lin came here today to discuss something, but when Hongjun came, he talked about proposing marriage. As soon as Hongjun left, Brother Lin followed , Tell me, why did Brother Lin come here?"

Hearing this, Xi He was startled at first, and then opened his cherry mouth with a shocked expression: "Could it be, Brother Lin came to look for Hongjun!"

"You, why do you think so?"

Changxi was stunned for a moment, shocked by her sister's brain circuit: "Hey, my dear sister, brother Lin came here for the same purpose as Hongjun, in all likelihood, to kiss her!"

"what?"

Xi He looked at Chang Xi in disbelief, and the shock on his face became even stronger.

"This, how is this possible? If this is the case, why didn't Brother Lin say anything?"

Hearing this, Changxi smiled and said, "You rejected Hongjun so simply, how can Brother Lin open his mouth? And I guess, Brother Lin most likely wants to propose marriage to you."

When Xi He heard Chang Xi's words, his fair face turned red!

"Little, little sister, don't talk nonsense, how could Big Brother Lin propose marriage to me, we...we..."

She faltered and hawed for a long time without saying anything.

When Changxi saw this, she smiled, but for some reason, a sour taste flashed in her heart, maybe she didn't even notice it.

"Hehe, my good sister, do you dare to say that you don't like Brother Lin?"

"I……"

Xi He couldn't answer for a moment.

"Brother Lin left too hastily this time. When Brother Lin comes next time, I will personally ask you for my sister."

"No way, I want more brothers-in-law!"

Chang Xi smiled and opened her mouth, but for some reason, a trace of loss remained in her heart.

It's a pity that Xi He didn't realize that at this moment, she was no longer the cold and cold goddess of the lunar star, but more like a girl next door with a spring heart: "Oh, you damn girl, you just know how to talk nonsense..."

Lin Long didn't know that when he went to Taiyin Star, he intended to prevent Hongjun from successfully proposing a marriage, but in the end he captured the two goddesses invisibly!

If Hongjun found out, he might cry to death.

It's a pity that, except for the two parties involved in Taiyinxing, no one else knows about this matter.

Leaving the Lunar Star, Hongjun looked unwilling!

"It's Lin Long again! From the looks of it, it's impossible to bring about a heavenly marriage between Xi He and Di Jun."

"Forget it, let's lead the Lich clan back to the prehistoric world first!"

"As for the heavenly marriage, let's put it on hold for now, but we can attract other women to give birth to Dijun's heir, as long as it can conflict with the Wu Clan."

Unable to promote a heavenly marriage, Hongjun can only settle for the next best thing.

He finally understood that what Lin Long said was good and would not stop him from preaching, but secretly he was tripping him up everywhere.

But I can't say anything yet.

Because of the great events of the heavenly way, he can't explain it.

"My movements must be faster, and I can't make Lin Long react any more!"


		