

"presumptuous!"

Lin Long said a word, but Di Jun hadn't answered yet, but the high-ranking demon clan in the hall couldn't stand it any longer.

These monster races didn't know what happened on Sun Planet back then, so naturally they didn't understand Di Jun's thoughts.

These years, Lin Long hadn't been to the Lunar Star again, but he didn't need to think about it. With Di Jun's personality, he must have wanted to find the Lunar Star more than once to break the formation he left behind.

This can also prove that Di Jun's strength has far exceeded his original strength.

It's a pity that Lin Long could feel that the formation he had left on Taiyin Star these years had not been touched, that is to say, not only had Di Jun not been able to crack the formation until now, but he had never been able to find it.

If Di Jun really found the formation and deciphered it, with his haughty temperament, he would definitely not agree to talk to him alone.

But now that Di Jun clearly failed to decipher it, or even couldn't find it, the situation is different.

As an emperor, Di Jun would naturally agree to Lin Long's idea of ​​having a private chat in order to prove that he was not afraid of Lin Long.

Sure enough, Di Jun slowly got up from the main seat, and stretched out his hand to signal the demons to be quiet.

"Your Excellency is really a good means. I have been in the prehistoric world for so many years, but I have never found a trace of Your Excellency."

Di Jun's tone was calm, without the slightest hint of happiness or anger.

But Lin Long smiled indifferently, and said: "Hehe, Yaohuang, why are you so persistent, you and I just missed a chance at the beginning, today, isn't it just making up for it?"

"I came here today because I have something to discuss with you. This matter is related to the prehistoric future, and there are too many people talking..."

Speaking of this, Lin Long looked at the high-level members of the Yaozu.

Di Jun stared deeply at Lin Long for a while, and finally waved his hands and said, "You all get out, I have something to discuss with this fellow Taoist."

"Your Majesty, this..."

A group of high-ranking demon clan members were a little worried.

"Get out!"

Di Jun's voice was a little higher, and suddenly a group of demon gods and generals didn't dare to say any more, and obediently withdrew from the Lingxiao Palace.

In the main hall, only Lin Long and Di Jun were left.

"Fellow Daoist, they have already left, so let's talk about it now."

"Thousands of years ago, Taoist friends suddenly visited the sun star and wanted to be a guest on my sun star, and then went to the lunar star and arranged a formation for the lunar star."

"I have to say, fellow daoist's method of formation is really ingenious."

"Today, Fellow Daoist suddenly visited the Heavenly Court of my Monster Clan, and even drove away everyone from my Monster Clan. I have to say, Fellow Daoist's actions are really unpredictable."

When he spoke, Di Jun's voice was gloomy, and Lin Long even heard the slightest hint of threat from his words.

Lin Long understood in his heart, it seems that Di Jun was scared off by himself when he was outside the Taiyin Star, and these years he has been trying to get back his place, to end the past, and it also proves that Di Jun is not what he used to be.

It is also fortunate that Di Jun is an innate creature, and there is no demon to talk about, otherwise, this matter may become a demon that shackles Di Jun on his way of cultivation.

Di Jun continued to ask: "Fellow Daoist, just as you said, I have waited to meet you twice, but I only know that your name is Lin Long. Today should let me know the identity of Fellow Daoist."

He has been in the prehistoric world for so many years, of course he knows that Lin Long is the Qingmu Dragon God.

It's just that he had to let Lin Long say it himself, otherwise, wouldn't the Demon Emperor be too shameful for what he did?

"If you don't even dare to reveal your identity, then you don't have to talk about anything with this forum."

Di Jun's meaning is obvious, you don't even dare to reveal your true identity, how can I believe what you say?

"Hehe, what the Demon Emperor said is reasonable, I will tell you today."

Lin Long said: "I am the patriarch of the Dragon Clan, Qingmu Dragon God, the ruler of the Dragon God Realm."

While speaking, a phantom of a green dragon slowly appeared behind Lin Long, and the coercion on his body was gradually revealed.

If it is said that Di Jun's coercion was as strong as a mountain before, then Lin Long's coercion seems to be that the whole world is squeezing towards Di Jun.

Di Jun remained calm on the surface, as if there was no change, but Lin Long could notice that Di Jun's body trembled very slightly.

Obviously, under this pressure, Di Jun didn't feel well.

Fortunately, the pressure came and went quickly.

Lin Long didn't really want to kill Di Jun, otherwise there would be no need to spend so much trouble.

After smiling and waving his hands, all the pressure subsided.

"Yaohuang, this is my true identity. It's not that I conceal it on purpose, but I've already been through one calamity, and I don't want to be involved in another calamity."

Di Jun let out a sigh of relief, stared at Lin Long and asked, "Since this is the case, why are you showing up here again?"

Lin Long laughed and shook his head: "Because you can't hide, you must have known that the witch clan has stopped conflicting with the monster clan recently."

Di Jun remained silent.

He also just received this news, but he didn't expect that Lin Long knew about it earlier than himself!

Is there someone beside him?

As an emperor, it can be said that it is his nature to be suspicious.

Lin Long shook his head and said, "You don't need to think too much about the Demon King, I know it's inevitable that this matter will happen earlier than you, because I'm the one who issued this order."

"what?"

Di Jun's eyes shrank suddenly: "Why would the Wu Clan listen to you?"

Lin Long chuckled, and said solemnly: "Because, besides being the patriarch of the Dragon Clan, I am also the Witch God of the Witch Clan!"

"This is impossible!"

Di Jun's eyes widened suddenly, and he looked at Lin Long, trying to see something from Lin Long's eyes.

But Lin Long's eyes were clear, and when he looked at Di Jun, he didn't hide or dodge at all.

"Are you really the witch god of the witch clan?"

Di Jun slowly sat back on the emperor's chair, his face full of disbelief.

The witch god of the witch clan that I have been investigating, now appears in front of me so actively!

I, the demon king of the demon clan, just chatted with my deadly enemy for so long!

For a moment, Di Jun felt a little overwhelmed.

The person in front of him is the patriarch of the Dragon Clan, that is to say, his subordinates control the ancient Dragon Clan.

And he is the true ruler of the Dragon God Realm, and the Feng Clan and Qilin Clan are also under his control.

Now he has another identity as a witch god of the witch clan!

There is an extra witch clan in his forces!

Di Jun felt a strong shock in his heart!

The power under this person is too strong!

Alone, mastering the four overlord races of the prehistoric world!

The opponent has the identity of the witch god of the Wu clan. If he really takes action against the Wu clan, will the three ancient clans join the battle under Lin Long's command?

If that's the case, you don't need to think about it, the Yaozu will definitely lose!

It's a pity that Di Jun didn't know that even the monster clan in his hands, because of the existence of Kunpeng, more than half of them were under Lin Long's control.

If he knew about this, I'm afraid Di Jun would have to vomit blood.

Lin Long told Di Jun this not to show off his power, but to let Di Jun know how unrealistic his idea of ​​being the overlord of the world is now.

You can have ambitions, but with me, you must first focus on my plan.

Lin Long looked at Di Jun and said, "Di Jun, I'm here today, and I only want to ask one thing, if you can let your monster clan have your own world, can you completely stop the war with the witch clan?"


		