

As soon as Patriarch Yangmei said these words, all the conjectures in Lin Long's mind were confirmed.

Although Yangmei and Hongjun have a better relationship than Luo Hu, they can't really trust each other.

Otherwise, there is no need to arrange layers of barriers to block peeping.

As for what kind of help he wanted to ask himself for, Lin Long probably had some guesses.

Now that the ancestor Yangmei tested his own strength, it also proved that he needed to deal with Hongjun by himself, and this guy was giving himself a way out.

Obviously, Yang Mei also realized that although Hongjun teamed up with him, after defeating Luo Hu, he might attack him.

At that time, he must have a foreign aid, so as to protect himself.

Just as Lin Long was thinking, he raised his eyebrows and said.

"Fellow Daoist, I know, you have met Hongjun, and there are some conflicts between you."

Lin Long shook his head with a smile and said, "It's just a small conflict, it's harmless."

"Hehe, is that so? Fellow Daoist, as far as I know, you saved the three clans and started to burden Hongjun and Luohu with a lot of karma. Is this a small conflict?"

"I know quite a lot, that's enough, fellow Daoist raised eyebrows, you and I shouldn't play tricks here, if we drag it on, this enchantment will be seen through."

The calculations between each other are almost done, and Lin Long doesn't want to continue to pretend to be confused.

Yang raised his eyebrows and said: "Friend Lin Long, old Taoist, I want to join forces with you. I believe you have guessed it. Before long, Hongjun and Luo Hu will start a dispute over Taoism to determine the future direction of this prehistoric world."

"Hongjun has already approached me, and I promised Hongjun to join hands with him to deal with Luo Hu."

Lin Long looked at it and raised his eyebrows: "Did you just tell me this kind of secret thing?"

Raising his eyebrows and shaking his head, he sighed: "It's not a secret. When the old Taoist was in chaos, he didn't get along with Rahu. Luohu is in charge, so he won't let me."

"So no matter what, I have to stand by Hongjun's side."

Lin Long asked: "Then fellow Taoist, why do you still come to me?"

"It's very simple. After the incident of dragon and phoenix, I found that Hongjun's character is not as simple as I thought. I have a hunch that if Luo Hu is defeated, Hongjun will probably attack me."

Well, it's really just as I guessed, Hongjun, the sixth son, wants to cross and tear down the bridge.

"I don't want to get there, so I have to plan ahead."

"Originally, I didn't have a clue about this matter. I thought it was impossible, so I left Honghuang."

"But your appearance, Fellow Daoist, made me think of a new choice."

"At that point, I hope fellow daoists can join forces with me to resist Hongjun, and you and I form an alliance."

"I can see, fellow daoist, neither of you and I have the intention of establishing a moral order, and there will be no conflict between us."

"Old Taoists don't need much, as long as they can practice in this prehistoric world with peace of mind."

At this moment, the request of raising eyebrows was finally made clear.

No wonder I wanted to test my strength before, because I wanted to see if I was qualified to join forces with him.

Lin Long didn't talk nonsense, and went straight to the point.

"What benefits can I get by doing this?"

He raised his eyebrows and pondered for a moment: "Fellow Daoist, if you help me, you are also helping yourself. If Hongjun really makes a move on me, then the next one may be you."

"According to my observation, fellow Taoist, although you are not a Chaos Demon God, your practice path is the orthodox Dao practice method. Once Hongjun establishes the orthodoxy, he will definitely try his best to obliterate this path, leaving only his own practice method."

Lin Long knew that what he said by raising his eyebrows was true.

In later generations, only Hongjun's practice method was left in the prehistoric world, and even Buddhism did not break away from this relationship.

But this is not enough to be a bargaining chip to impress yourself.

Lin Long didn't speak, raised his eyebrows to understand what Lin Long meant.

Gritting his teeth, he took out a branch with his backhand.

As soon as the branches appeared, rich vitality emanated from them.

Even though Lin Long was well-informed, he was shocked when he saw this branch.

"This is?"

"This is the branch of the World Tree. Although it is dead, it is still a good spiritual treasure if it is refined."

"Fellow Daoist, if you do it right, you might be able to refine it into a treasure that is comparable to the innate top-grade spirit treasure."

Raising eyebrows introduced.

But Lin Long was thinking about something else.

The world tree is rumored to be a treasure that surpasses the top ten innate spiritual roots, and even the chaotic green lotus.

Every leaf on it is a world.

Even if it is a little branch, it is not comparable to ordinary Lingbao.

This is a treasure that is infinitely close to the existence of the Dao.

And in a chaos, only one world tree can exist. This is a rule that no one can break.

Therefore, if the branch falls and dies, it is impossible to grow into a second world tree.

But I am different.

I have Chaos Orb!

If this branch is put into the Chaos Orb, will it be able to grow into the second World Tree?

By that time, wouldn't the rule of three thousand be taken by oneself?

What good luck jade plate, chaotic spirit treasure, they are all younger brothers in front of the world tree.

Lin Long Gujing's calm state of mind also had a slight fluctuation at this time.

However, in order not to be manipulated by raising his eyebrows, Lin Long suppressed his excitement.

Seeing that Lin Long didn't reply for a long time, he raised his eyebrows a little anxiously.

"Fellow Daoist, I know that there are only a few blanks for a top-grade innate spirit treasure, but you should know, fellow Daoist, that this matter is also related to you."

"You and I are both prosperous, and we are both lost."

Yang Mei was unwilling to leave Honghuang.

Knowing that the heat was almost ready, Lin Long finally spoke.

"Okay, I am willing to take action on this matter, but there are still too few Lingbao blanks."

"Plus the enlightenment tea tree."

"make a deal!"

Lin Long knew that the price was almost the same, and if he was in a hurry, he raised his eyebrows and stabbed himself in the back first, that would be no fun.

Although there are many good things about Yangmei, there are some things that cannot be rushed.

An offensive and defensive alliance was reached, and Yang Mei and Lin Long left a spiritual thought for each other. On the one hand, it was convenient to communicate with each other, and on the other hand, it was also a way to prevent Hongjun from separating the two.

With this divine sense, Lin Long and Yang Mei could feel each other's position.

After saying goodbye and raising his eyebrows, Lin Long left happily with what he had gained.

Now Lin Long felt a little impatient.

After this trip, the harvest was really beyond my expectations.

It seems that even if he didn't perform the anti-knowledge future, the luck added by the favor of the Dao is very perverted.

Finding a quiet place and setting up the formation, Lin Long couldn't wait to take out the Chaos Orb.

The next moment, Lin Long stood inside the Chaos Orb and took out the branches of the World Tree.

I saw that the branches of the World Tree that hadn't moved outside just now started to shake slightly in the Chaos Orb.

The severed end also gave birth to a few tentacles.

In Lin Long's eyes, it actually took root in the chaos!

"It's done!"


		