

In Zixiao Palace, Hongjun, who was sitting on the futon, slowly opened his eyes, with some doubts in his eyes.

"Well, what the hell is going on here?"

Since the last sermon, Hongjun has felt a strong sense of pressure and urgency, so he has been practicing in retreat.

Ordinarily, he laid down the two pawns, the East Prince and the West Queen Mother, and confirmed the position of the overlord in the prehistoric name. The dispute between the two Lich clans should be more obvious, so as to promote the evolution of the world, and his practice should also be smoother. .

However, after nearly 10,000 years, Hongjun suddenly discovered that his strength had improved very little, and there were even faint signs of regression.

"No, something must have happened!"

"Could it be that the Calamity Calamity was deduced too fast, and the witches and demons suffered too many casualties and were seriously contaminated with karma?"

Hongjun felt that there was only one possibility.

How can I say that I am also the mastermind behind the scenes, because it is not surprising that I am contaminated with karma because of the fighting between the two clans.

As long as you are in harmony with the Dao, these karma will naturally be resolved.

"It seems that the position of the overlord of the prehistoric world is still too tempting."

"But I don't know that the position of the overlord is just an illusion after all."

"In the prehistoric world, strength is the foundation of everything!"

Hongjun shook his head and said to himself.

Standing up from the futon, he walked out of Zixiao Palace, his eyes pierced through the sea of ​​chaos, and looked at the Great Desolate Continent.

Hongjun felt a lot of emotion in his heart.

"Continuing to impregnate the karma like this is not an option. We can't let the witch clan and the monster clan fight too hard. It seems that the role of the Eastern Prince and the Western Queen Mother should end here, and it's time to leave the stage."

Hongjun said to himself, his eyes were using magical powers, and he looked towards Honghuang, wanting to see the situation of the Eastern Prince and the Western Queen Mother at this time.

"These two chess pieces did a good job this time. If the two of them are sensible, they can give them a way out."

However, the next moment, Hongjun froze in place, with an expression of disbelief in his eyes.

"How is this possible? What about the witch clan? What about the monster clan? Why didn't Honghuang see them? And what is this idiot Dong Wanggong doing? Why did he attack Kunlun Mountain!"

Just looking at it, a series of questions appeared in Hongjun's mind.

This is so different from what I thought, right?

My own cultivation base has not improved, not because of some karma, but because the Wu Clan and the Yao Clan didn't fight at all!

The prehistoric world did not operate according to its established trajectory at all.

The idiot Dong Wanggong was able to take advantage of the situation to rise, and he was only one step away from unifying the prehistoric world.

"Bastard, what the hell is going on? No! You must not let this happen!"

Thinking that if Duke Dong really becomes the overlord of heaven and earth, and his luck will deepen and completely control the prehistoric world, then he, the Dao ancestor, will probably have to give way to him.

Even though Duke Dong is far inferior to him in strength, with the blessing of heaven and earth luck, he can't easily take him into action.

This kind of high-sighted and low-handed and ambitious guy, once he has power, cannot be controlled at all.

Dong Wanggong really controls Honghuang, purely looking for trouble for himself.

Hongjun would never allow such a thing to happen.

"No, Duke Dong is still a small problem. The important thing is why are the Yaozu and Wuzu indifferent to the position of the overlord of heaven and earth? Could it be that they are really not interested in this position?"

"How is this possible? Even if the Wu Clan has no intention of doing this, Di Jun is definitely an ambitious guy, and it is impossible not to be indifferent to this position!"

Hongjun couldn't figure out what happened.

If you can't figure it out, you can simply deduce it. Since the calamity has not started at this moment, the secret is still clear, and you can deduce some things.

Hongjun took out the fortune jade butterfly with his backhand, held it in his hand, and based on the power of cause and effect, he started to deduce the supernatural power.

After a while, Hongjun's face became even uglier.

"Lin Long!"

"It's you again! You actually passed on the method of opening up a small world to the witch and demon clan!"

It doesn't matter if you don't look at it, this look almost makes Hongjun vomit blood.

It seems that all the witch and demon clans in the prehistoric land are about to move into the small world with their clansmen.

When there are no witches and monsters in the wilderness, this amount of calamity will naturally end, then everything I planned will be in vain, and my practice will naturally stop here.

"This Lin Long really deserves to die!"

Hongjun's teeth were itching in anger.

Lin Long promised himself that he would not stop himself from preaching the Great Desolation.

Right now, he didn't stop him, but he dug everyone out of the wilderness.

Who are the big cats and kittens left in Honghuang to preach to?

"No, we must not let the Wuzu and Yaozu leave just like that!"

"And that idiot Dong Wanggong must also be stopped!"

Sanqing himself has great luck, and he has the merit of opening the sky. Hongjun must take it under his command, so that he can enjoy this luck and use it to achieve success.

If Duke Dong really subdued Sanqing and brought him under his command, then this luck would belong to Duke Dong.

Thinking of this, Hongjun felt depressed for a while.

I fucking helped you up, Prince Dong, but the first thing you did when you got up was backstab me?

Accepting Sanqing as a disciple is Hongjun's bottom line, and no one can touch it. Obviously, Dong Wanggong has touched Hongjun's reverse scale this time.


Outside the Kunlun Mountains, Duke Dong still looked proudly at Sanqing who was surrounded in the middle.

"So what about Sanqing, today he's going to obediently get caught."

"The deity still said the same thing, obediently submit to the Xianmeng, and keep the three of you safe, otherwise let alone lose Kunlun Mountain, I'm afraid your life will be in danger."

The members of the Xianmeng besieged on a large scale, and after repeated fights, Sanqing had gradually become exhausted.

On the other hand, there are still a large number of people on the East Prince's side who have not made any moves.

"Congratulations, Your Majesty, you conquered Kunlun Mountain today, and all the east is in your hands."

Seeing that Sanqing was about to lose, some Xianmeng members flattered them directly.

Dong Wanggong is also very useful for this.

"Hehe, if you want to blame him, blame him for being ignorant of current affairs and not knowing how to cater to the general trend of the world."

"After subduing Kunlun Mountain, all that remains is Buzhou Mountain and the hidden Yaoguang Wonderland. Oh, yes, there is also the so-called Dragon God Realm!"

As soon as the Dragon God Realm was mentioned, Duke Dong's original good mood disappeared.

This Dragon God Realm has always been a mysterious existence, even the witch and monster races have not been able to find the slightest trace of the Dragon God Realm.

In order to prove that he is stronger than the Wu Clan or the Yao Clan, Duke Dong decided to continue searching in the future.

Seeing that the Sanqing was about to be taken down, the Eastern Prince's ambitions further swelled.

Even Buzhou Mountain and Dragon God Realm protected by Lin Long still failed to scare the Eastern Prince.

From the looks of it, Sanqing's defeat gave him a lot of confidence.

However, face slaps sometimes come so unexpectedly.

Just when Sanqing was about to be defeated, he wondered whether he should temporarily surrender to Duke Dong.

A voice resounded from the void.

"From now on, Duke Dong will no longer be the head of the male immortals. Above the prehistoric world, there will be order. You can't force it. I hope you can do it yourself!"

After one sentence, not only the East Prince was dumbfounded, but all the members of the Immortal Alliance under the East Prince were also dumbfounded.

"Damn it, can you still do this? The name of the head of the male immortal will be taken back as soon as it is said to be taken back, so should we hold the East Prince?"


		