

Seeing the twelfth-grade meritorious golden lotus suddenly appearing in front of him, Tong Tian was bewildered.

The voice that appeared in my ear just now, if I heard it right, it seems to be...

The voice of Aoki Dragon God?

Aren't he, his master Hongjun, and his two elder brothers dead enemies?

Why did he suddenly initiate kindness today and give him treasures to suppress his luck?

This is simply unbelievable!

But now that proving the Tao and becoming a sanctifier is imminent, Tong Tian has no time to think about Lin Long's intentions.

After checking to make sure that there was no problem with the twelfth-grade golden lotus of merit, Tongtian didn't care too much, so he threw the twelfth-grade golden lotus upwards!

"I, Tongtian, stand up to cut off the teaching today, and use the golden lotus of the twelve ranks of merit to suppress the luck of the cutting off the teaching! Cut off the teaching, set up!"

Rumble!

There was a roar in the sky and the earth, and the interception was established.

Tong Tian looked at the Jujiao that had been set up, and the golden lotus of the twelfth grade of merit hanging in the air, hesitated for a moment, and then bowed deeply in the direction of Beihai.

Lin Long, who was in the Dragon Temple and watched the demonstration through the pupil of the Dao, had a smile on his face.

"That's right, I also know how to thank you. This is much better than the other two guys."

Among the three Qings, Tongtian's performance naturally made Lin Long quite satisfied.

He took the treasure to help him, and he knew how to salute himself to express his gratitude, and he didn't care about Hongjun's feelings at all.

If this thing is given to Yuanshi, I am afraid that the old silver coin of Yuanshi will not only not thank him, but will even threaten him!

Tongtian's actions proved that he did not help the wrong person!

"Third brother, have you used the twelve-grade golden lotus to suppress the luck of the sect?"

Sure enough, as soon as he finished preaching, Yuan Shi ran to Tong Tian with the appearance of being a teacher to inquire about his crimes.

"Do you know that the twelfth-grade golden lotus was sent by the Qingmu Dragon God! If you accept it so calmly, don't you want the prehistoric creatures to poke my Sanqing's back?"

"That Cyanwood Dragon God is definitely not such a kind person, third brother, you have to be careful. If you want me to say, it is better to send back the twelve merit golden lotus as soon as possible, so as not to be tricked by that Cyanwood Dragon God."

Yuanshi scolded Tongtian, while persuading Tongtian to give up the twelve merit golden lotus.

As for the impact of replacing the treasures of the town religion just after Tongtian established the religion, it was out of his consideration at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty.

Obviously, Tongtian also understood this meaning, and immediately showed a bit of displeasure on his face.

My brother is really too much.

Did Lin Long have any calculations? I haven't found out yet, but my elder brother really doesn't think about his younger brother's life or death at all.

He really doesn't feel bad for co-authoring this sect is not his.

I really want to not use the treasures sent by others, but I also have to have treasures to suppress my luck!

"Second brother, if I remove the twelfth-grade meritorious golden lotus, can you lend me a treasure that suppresses luck?"

Yuanshi paused for a moment, and it was hard to pass the hand that picked the twelfth-grade virtuous golden lotus forward, so he said stubbornly: "Tongtian, it's just a small matter to suppress luck, even if you use two acquired treasures to make do, why bother?" Be eaten by others!"

The words "呀来之食" fell into Tongtian's ears, completely detonating Tongtian's emotions.

Years of dissatisfaction can no longer be tolerated at this time.

"Hmph! The second brother sounds nice, so I don't think so. I will give the second brother a few acquired treasures, and you will lend me the Pangu banner to suppress the luck of the sect!"

"Nonsense!"

Hearing this, Yuan Shi's face suddenly changed, and he shouted.

Are you kidding me, my Pangu Banner suppresses the sect with good luck, so why change it to the Acquired Treasure?

"Hmph! You know it's nonsense? Just because of your face, you are going to destroy the luck of the sect I just established. Isn't this nonsense?"

Tong Tian stared at Yuan Shi, as if he wanted to compete.

Yuan Shi didn't expect that Tong Tian, ​​who was usually bullied by himself and Lao Tzu, would suddenly explode today.

I was caught off guard for a while.

"You, Tongtian, you are really getting older and younger now! Do you still remember that I am your elder brother!"

It doesn't make sense, so Yuanshi can only change the story and use his own identity to make the matter.

Tongtian, who was angry, did not intend to buy this account at all. He stood in front of Yuanshi and shouted: "Today, I will definitely use this twelve-grade merit golden lotus! If you want to change it, there is no way!"

Yuan Shi's chest heaved violently in anger.

"You! Tongtian, hello, good!"

In anger, Yuan Shi raised his hand and took out the three treasures, Yu Ruyi, as if he wanted to teach his younger brother a lesson.

And Tongtian immediately sacrificed the Qingping sword, and his eyebrows were cold!

"Nonsense!"

A yell interrupted the movements of the two of them.

The person who came was none other than Lao Tzu who rushed back from the shores of the four seas.

Lao Tzu's face was gloomy at this time.

It's not just because of Tongtian and Yuanshi's affairs, the most important thing is that he suffered a disadvantage in the human race on the shore of the four seas.

I thought that I was just a weak race, and I became a saint myself, so I took the opportunity to use the luck of this human race to help myself shape a holy body, so that my own merits of opening the sky would be saved.

After all, this is the merit of opening the sky, except for the merits of his second and third brothers, it is considered the only one in the prehistoric world.

If it can be saved, it will be of great use in the future.

But unfortunately, his plan ultimately fell through.

Nuwa held the Kongtong seal in her hand, and the luck of the human race was locked extremely firmly. No matter how she pulled it, the luck remained unchanged.

In order not to miss the opportunity to become a saint, Lao Tzu can only use the merits of opening the sky.

Basically consumed all the merits of opening the sky, and this is barely sanctified.

Since the last conflict in the Zixiao Palace, I have learned about Nuwa's character, and the other party is not the kind of creature who likes to calculate.

You don't need to think about it, it must be Lin Long's instruction behind the scenes, after all, Nuwa listens to the dragon god the most.

In front of Lin Long, Nu Wa was like a little daughter-in-law.

At this time, Laozi was full of resentment towards Lin Long.

Hearing that Tongtian used the 12th Grade Golden Lotus gifted by Lin Long to set up a religion, he felt even more displeased.

"Brother, judge the truth!"

Seeing Lao Tzu come back, Yuan Shi explained the matter again, and of course made some embellishments in the details.

For example, I don't want Tongtian to use this meritorious golden lotus, as long as I consider my reputation as Sanqing.

Lin Long always has many calculations that cannot be trusted.

Laozi frowned for a while, and finally looked at Tongtian.

"Third brother, this is your fault."

"what?"

Tongtian couldn't believe his ears.

Although I know that among the three brothers, I have always been partial to Yuan Shi, but today this matter is so clear, you are still fucking biased here!

This fucking takes me to be a fool?

"Third brother, it's better to take down the twelve virtuous golden lotuses, so as not to fall into Lin Long's tricks."

"That's right, Lin Long has a lot of schemes, it's better not to take his things."

Yuanshi Laozi sang and said that he had to ask Tongtian to take down the golden lotus of the twelve merits.

Tong Tian trembled slightly from anger.

"Hehe, okay, that's great. Sanqing and I have been together since we were born. It wasn't until today that I realized that I was an outsider."

"The two of you, for your own gain and loss, you can disregard me to cut off teaching life and death."

"Maybe this is Lin Long's conspiracy, just to turn my brothers against each other, but today, I will definitely decide the twelve karma golden lotus! No one can stop it!"

After finishing speaking, Tongtian ignored Laozi Yuanshi and left with a flick of his sleeves, leaving only Yuanshi Laozi in the hall, watching Tongtian go away.


		