

Looking at the cautious reception and acceptance in the hall, Lin Long smiled.

"Jieyin, Zhunti, you and I are old acquaintances, so don't be so cautious."

"Since you took the initiative to come to Beihai to look for me, there must be something, so you might as well just tell me."

It seemed that Lin Long was easy-going, but when Yingying and Zhunti heard this, they were stunned.

What does it mean to say something straight?

Boss, didn't you come to us for something?

You didn't say it at the beginning, you can come to seek help if you encounter difficulties, why do you seem to have forgotten it now?

The two brothers originally wanted Lin Long to put forward the conditions for helping themselves first, and then the two brothers would talk about the price with a good tongue.

But now, this Aoki Dragon God doesn't play his cards according to the routine at all!

If it was changed to before, the two brothers would definitely dismiss it and just turn around and leave!

Since you, Aoki Dragon God, have a place for us, I'm not afraid that you won't keep us!

But now, the Second Shame of the West has seen the spectacle and strength of the Dragon God Realm, and the two brothers really can't hold back their airs.

No matter how you look at it, it doesn't look like there is anything we can use my brother for!

There is a saying that people who are not even worth using are just like waste!

Now the brothers feel like waste.

The words that Qingmu Longshen said back then, shouldn't he just say it casually and then his brothers take it seriously?

"Well, Lord Dragon God, my two brothers came here to ask Lord Dragon God for help."

After hesitating for a long time, the two brothers gritted their teeth, they have already reached this point, can they cut the corpse as a treasure in order to save face?

Hearing this, Lin Long nodded, and asked, "Huh? Help? What difficulties are you two encountering? You might as well tell me."

The two Jieyin brothers became cruel, knelt on the ground with a thud, and kowtowed: "My lord Dragon God, to tell you the truth, my two brothers are now in the early stage of quasi-sage, and I intend to make further progress, but I suffer from the lack of innate treasures to kill the corpse. Cutting corpses, sanctifying and suppressing luck, also requires innate treasures."

"My lord, you know the situation in the west. I really can't get this innate treasure out."

"Ten thousand years ago, my lord once told my two brothers that if you have any difficulties, you can come to the Dragon God Realm, and I hope that your lord Dragon God will help my brothers and sisters for the sake of our acquaintance since ancient times. Let's not ask for anything else, just ask for two innate treasures."

The two brothers were also broken, and they were already ashamed anyway, so they simply said everything in one go.

Lin Long looked at the two of them, with a look of sudden realization on his face: "Oh, so that's the case, this matter is easy to handle. I have nothing else in the Dragon God Realm, except that there are many treasures!"

This is not Lin Long boasting.

There is a reason why the Dragon God Realm is so rich.

First, Lin Long searched for a lot of treasure spirit roots and spirit herbs in the early years.

Second, it is because of these three fairy islands.

The three fairy islands are located in the Chaos Orb, which is equivalent to an independent chaotic world.

The resources of one chaotic world can be used by the Dragon God Realm.

Moreover, Lin Long also arranged a conversion formation in the Dragon God Realm to transform the inexhaustible chaotic aura into innate aura.

With the blessing of Qiankun Ding and Dao Remodeling, the Dragon God Realm doesn't have to worry about resources even in the immeasurable calamity.

Hearing what Lin Long said, Jieyin and Zhunti suddenly had hope in their hearts, and their faces were full of joy.

They never expected that things would go so smoothly.

However, the next moment, Lin Long's face revealed a look of embarrassment.

Seeing the speed of this face-changing, the two hearts of Jieyin and Zhunti directly raised their throats.

Sure enough, the next moment, when Lin Long spoke, the hearts of the two of them sank, and the hearts that reached their throats sank to their chrysanthemum eyes.

"However, although there are many treasures in this seat, you are the disciples of Daozu Hongjun after all. I think you all know the relationship between Hongjun and me. There is nothing in this seat. I can give you treasures, but you are in Hongjun's place. , but it’s hard to talk.”

Lin Long looked extremely regretful, seeing Jieyin and Zhunti's eyes twitching.

Talking doesn't take you out of breath!

"Master Dragon God, this matter, this matter..."

The two brothers hesitated for a long time, but did not say why.

After all, they couldn't afford to offend Lin Long, and they couldn't afford to offend Hongjun either!

What Lin Long said made sense after all.

In the end, the two brothers hesitated and tangled for a long time, but they finally made a decision.

"Master Dragon God, you and my brother have known each other since ancient times. My brothers and you are very destined. I wonder if Lord Dragon God will accept disciples?"

As soon as these words came out, Zhao Gongming, who had been standing by the side, staggered, his black face suddenly became darker, and he stared at the two of them fiercely.

How the hell do you have the nerve to say it?

Not to mention Zhao Gongming, even Lin Long was shocked by Zhun Ti's words.

Good guy, I really underestimated the face of this Western duo.

In the midst of prehistoric times, it is not a glorious thing to change the court!

In particular, when Yingyin and Zhunti were apprentices to Hongjun back then, they cried with snot and tears, and Hongjun reluctantly accepted him as a registered disciple because he was begging for nothing.

But now, these two guys didn't hesitate at all when they said they sold Hongjun.

In Lin Long's heart, he only felt that this matter had reminded himself that these two bastards could be used, but they must not be kept by his side, otherwise, he might give himself a backstab at some point.

Although Lin Long is not afraid, but he absolutely does not like it!

Therefore, Lin Long waved his hand immediately, and said, "There is no relationship between you and me as a master and apprentice, and words of accepting apprentices cannot be taken seriously."

Lin Long directly refused, causing Jieyin and Zhunti to blush.

In fact, the two brothers are actually the same generation as Lin Long, and they are both innate creatures from ancient times.

But it can't stand the tyrannical strength of the dragon god, so the prehistoric creatures naturally subconsciously compare Lin Long with Daozu Hongjun.

At this time, everyone thought that they were at least one generation lower than Lin Long.

Of course, now that Lin Long didn't want to accept disciples, no matter how thick-skinned the two were, they couldn't bring it up again, so as not to annoy Lin Long.

Therefore, the two brothers could only cry and beg, "Master Dragon God, please help us, my two brothers really have no choice."

Seeing the miserable appearance of the two brothers, Lin Long also knew that the fire was almost over, so he said: "Forget it, since I joked that you two took it seriously, then I don't want to break my promise."

After finishing speaking, Lin Long pondered for a moment, and with a backhand, he took out a long bloody needle.

As soon as this thing appeared, a strong innate evil spirit burst out.

"Master Dragon God, I don't know what this thing is..."

The two brothers' eyes were wide open, staring straight at the long bloody needle.

Lin Long said: "This thing is called the Blood Mosquito Needle, and it was a treasure that I got from the Taoist Mosquito. Innate treasure!"

"This thing may be insufficient for beheading corpses, but if the two of you want to learn from Sanqing and set up a teaching to suppress luck, it is more than enough."

"And there is another benefit of this thing. With this thing, you can absorb other luck for your own use. Even if the person who is absorbed has treasures guarding it, it will not help!"

Lin Long almost understood what he said, you brothers hurry up and absorb the luck of other sects!

As for whose sect belonged to the other sects, it goes without saying?

How many sects are there in the prehistoric world?

It was Lin Long who helped him to cut off the heavenly teaching, so of course they didn't dare to touch it, but aren't there ready-made teachings and human teachings?

Sure enough, Jieyin and Zhunti's eyes lit up.

And this kind of good thing of absorbing other people's luck? !

The two of them stared straight at the bloody mosquito needle, wishing they could snatch it from Lin Long right now!

This is simply a dream treasure!

With this thing, will you worry about not having enough luck in the future?

bang bang bang!

The two brothers looked at each other, then kept kowtow on the ground, with excited expressions: "Please, Lord Dragon God, have mercy on the West and bestow the treasure!"

Zhao Gongming, who was standing beside him, couldn't help curling his lips when he saw the appearance of these two people.

No matter what you say, these two guys can be regarded as great powers in the wild, but now they don't want the slightest bit of shame!

"Hey, that's all, it's fate that you have met me several times, so I will give this thing to you."

Lin Long casually threw the blood mosquito needle into the hands of Jieyin and Zhunti.

The two brothers were overjoyed, and hurriedly caught it, being careful not to damage it.

"Thank you, Lord Dragon God, for the treasure! From now on, whenever Lord Dragon God has orders, just speak up, and my brothers will go through fire and water without hesitation!"

Seeing the excitement of these two people, Lin Long waved his hands casually, and said: "No need to be like this. Giving this thing to me and you is not considered to owe me karma, and you don't need to mention this matter to outsiders, otherwise Over there, Jun, you guys are not good at talking."

"Yes, yes, my brothers will definitely remember the teachings of Lord Dragon God."

Now that the two people have been completely absorbed by the blood mosquito needle, they quickly nodded in agreement.

Besides, even if Lin Long didn't say anything, they wouldn't foolishly spread the word that Lin Long gave them treasures.

Looking at the two people who couldn't put it down, Lin Long's mouth curled into a smile.

My Lin's things are not so easy to get!


		