

"Qing, Aoki Dragon God?"

As soon as Bi Xiao uttered the four words, Jie Yin and Zhun Ti's eyes widened.

Now this name can no longer be described as resounding in the prehistoric times.

Who doesn't know that Qingmu Dragon God controls countless laws, and his realm is far above Daluo Jinxian!

There are even faint speculations that the Aoki Dragon God may be the most powerful person in today's prehistoric world!

There are also rumors that the Cyanwood Dragon God controls the secret method of chaotic cultivation, which can directly reach the Dao!

Countless creatures searched everywhere, just to find the trace of Aoki Dragon God and learn from him.

The small world opened up by Aoki Dragon God is also called the Dragon God Realm by the outside world.

It's a pity that countless people searched for the Cyanwood Dragon God, but they still couldn't find it. Even the Dragon God Realm, which no one could find, was full of mystery.

According to legend, in the Dragon God Realm, there are three fairy islands with countless spiritual roots and spiritual grass everywhere. Even top-grade spiritual roots and even top-grade spiritual roots can be seen everywhere in the Dragon God Realm.

She has always loved the guide Zhunti of treasures, but she has longed for the Dragon God Realm for a long time.

Like most creatures, they used to search for the traces of the Cyanwood Dragon God, but unfortunately, countless years passed, and they didn't even get any news.

This also made them have to wonder whether the Aoki Dragon God had transcended this world.

Therefore, when facing Lin Long, who was a strong man and possessed a lot of luck, the two guys didn't think that Lin Long would be in front of them for a moment.

What he didn't expect was that this legendary figure who opened up the Dragon God Realm was the target of his robbery.

"Master Dragon God, our senior brothers really didn't know that it was your old man who came here, otherwise we would not dare to block your way with all our courage!"

The expressions on Jieyin and Zhunti's faces were wonderful, full of surprise, remorse and frustration.

"Yes, Lord Dragon God, the three treasures are really too many, we would like to hand over one to you, do you think it will work?"

With the transparent thoughts of these two people, knowing that they have offended Lin Long, it is definitely impossible to learn from a teacher.

Even their own lives are at stake, and they are reluctant to part with a few treasures, so they only hope to beg the Aoki Dragon God to pay less.

"Hey, who do you two old guys look down on? My master only wants you three treasures, and you are still bargaining? Master, why don't you stop talking nonsense with them!"

The little girl Bi Xiao sang the oboe with Lin Long, constantly putting pressure on the western duo.

At this moment, Zhiyin and Zhunti's foreheads were dripping with cold sweat.

Hurry up, this aunt, stop talking, it will be troublesome if you really piss off this master in a while.

Lin Long couldn't help laughing secretly when he heard Bi Xiao's words.

This little girl seemed to be outspoken, but in fact she was cooperating with her. Well, she really deserved to be her caring little padded jacket, and she deserved how much I usually dote on her.

Lin Long really didn't have a good impression of the introduction and appointment.

These two guys will be ranked as saints in later generations, but they have been doing shameless things all the time. A lot of calculations and calamities are done by these two people.

But now, as soon as they met, the two guys' plan was to rob him, which made Lin Long's impression of the two directly drop to freezing point.

If he didn't want trouble, how could Lin Long talk nonsense to these two guys? It has already been slapped and slapped.

"My apprentice is right. I have given you chances again and again, but you are so ignorant!"

Lin Long's voice was cold, and he shouted: "Since that's the case, then I will get the treasure myself!"

"Two, two! Lord Dragon God, we are willing to hand over two treasures!"

Seeing that Lin Long was about to come for real, he couldn't hold back the lead, and said with a cold, "My lord, you don't know, that tree of the seven treasures has a natal connection with my junior brother, if you hand it over, you will definitely lose your vitality. We really can't give you the remaining six pure bamboos and golden lotus of merit, we are willing to honor you!"

This time, before Lin Long could open his mouth, he gritted his teeth and took out the six pure bamboos and golden lotuses of merit. He gritted his teeth and erased all his consciousness on them.

After erasing his divine sense, Jie Yin's whole person seemed sluggish, but he didn't dare to express any dissatisfaction. Instead, he offered the treasure with both hands.

Lin Long pondered for a moment, nodded, and said: "Well, this time is a small lesson for you, if you let me know that you have such behavior in the future, you will not be lightly forgiven!"

Before the arrival of the western duo, Lin Long had planned to kill the two, but under the deduction of the future, he would be infected with a lot of karma.

Therefore, Lin Long took the next best thing and robbed the other party's treasures.

After several deduction, he finally chose the current process.

"Yes, yes, what Master Dragon God taught is that my brothers and I will definitely remember it in our hearts."

Jieyin nodded again and again, and finally breathed a sigh of relief.

This is still a small punishment, so what should a heavy punishment look like?

"Okay, let's step back, I have something important to do here."

Lin Long accepted the six pure bamboos and the meritorious golden lotus, then waved his hands.

Naturally, the western duo didn't dare to refuse, Jieyin hurriedly helped Zhunti up, and kept saying, "Yes, Lord Dragon God, we are retiring..."

Afterwards, he hurriedly disappeared before Lin Long and his party.

It wasn't until Bi Xiao couldn't see the figures of the two at all that he burst out laughing.

"Hahahaha, Master, I laughed so hard, these two guys are too interesting..."

Regarding this little girl, the eldest sister Yunxiao has always had a headache, and she scolded: "Little girl, don't be rude, master is talking to others, next time you are not allowed to intervene indiscriminately."

Among the three Xiaos, the elder sister Yunxiao is the most respectful, with a calm demeanor.

The second child, Qiong Xiao, is like a graceful Xiaojia Biyu, with few words.

Only Bi Xiao, the youngest, is the liveliest.

San Xiao has very different personalities, but each has its own characteristics.

"Master, look, the eldest sister said that I..."

After being reprimanded by the elder sister, Bi Xiao turned around and acted like a baby to Lin Long.

But Lin Long touched Bi Xiao's small head with a smile, and said: "Okay, Bi Xiao's temperament is just like this. It's not easy to practice, so you don't have to suppress your nature."

Lin Long didn't dislike Bi Xiao's temperament, on the contrary, he liked it quite a lot, so naturally he wouldn't blame him.

Seeing that Lin Long had said that, Yun Xiao no longer blamed Bi Xiao.

"Master, you dote on this little girl too much."

Hearing this, Bi Xiao made a mischievous grimace: "Liu Wei Wei, eldest sister, are you jealous... Oops."

Before he finished speaking, Lin Long knocked on the head. Bi Xiao, who was in pain, quickly covered his head, and looked at Lin Long with aggrieved eyes: "Master, you don't blame me, why do you still hit me?"

Lin Long smiled, and said: "I don't blame you for interrupting, but you can't get used to provocations. When you fight with others, you must first check your own strength. "

"Jieyin and Zhunti are also strong at the level of Da Luo Jinxian. They can't deal with them as teachers, but it is still easy to deal with you. In the prehistoric world, those who like to provoke and escape are destined to make countless enemies. Could it be that your life is too long? No?"

After hearing this, Bi Xiao understood the reason why Lin Long beat her, and knew that Lin Long was pointing at herself, so she didn't dare to play petty temper anymore, obediently bowed her head, and accepted the instruction humbly.

"Master, don't worry, this disciple has written down this matter."

Yunxiao Qiongxiao and Zhao Gongming also nodded repeatedly.

Lin Long gave an 'hmm' and said, "Just keep it in your heart."

After finishing speaking, Lin Long didn't pay any attention to these disciples, but turned his head to look at the void deeper in the west.

"Fellow Daoist Rahu, I've been watching the excitement for so long, when will I show up again? Do you still want me to invite you out?"

San Xiao and Zhao Gongming were taken aback immediately: "Master, was there someone else?"

Lin Long nodded, and said with a smile: "Since the time that Jieyin Zhunti showed up, this person has already arrived. I'm right, fellow Taoist Luohu!"

"Hahahaha, Fellow Daoist Aoki, I've been safe for a long time."

The voice suddenly sounded, and the next moment, a gap opened in the void ahead.

A man in a black robe with a stern face came out of the crack holding a god-killing gun.

It was the Demon Ancestor Rahu!


		