

"If you want to obtain my asylum and the qualification to enter Sanxian Island, you must make a great oath. Past disputes will be written off. If there is any trouble, the foundation will be destroyed!"

Lin Long looked at the patriarch of the three clans with a serious tone. He didn't want the three clans to turn his Sanxian Island into a mess. Now that the fate of the three clans is in his hands, the three clans are equivalent to his own back garden, and they always believe in safety. Lin Long, who is the first principle, will naturally not let his back garden catch fire.

Since you have been blessed by yourself, you have to follow your own rules.

Both Zulong Yuanfeng and Shi Qilin nodded to express their understanding.

Now the only one who is willing to help the three clans is Lin Long. No matter how strong his own clan was before, he has to judge the situation now.

On the battlefield, the remaining children of the three clans were summoned by the heads of each clan.

Zulong, Yuanfeng, and Shiqilin stood in mid-air, looking at the remaining people in the clan, with remorse and intolerance flashing in their eyes.

However, they still took a deep breath, straightened their expressions, looked at the clansmen below, and each said solemnly, "Today's battle is because my three clans were provoked by traitors until now and committed heinous crimes. It's too late for me to regret it."

"Heaven pays for it. Originally, my three clans should be harassed by crimes, trapped in this situation for the rest of my life, and withdraw from the prehistoric world."

"Thanks to the blessing of the Cyanwood Dragon God, we have found another place to live for our three clans."

"Here! My ancestor dragon!"

"Here! My Yuanfeng!"

"Here! I am a unicorn!"

"Order the three clans to make a Dao oath! All belong to the Cyanwood Dragon God, be controlled by him, and be blessed by him! Anyone who violates the oath will destroy the Dao Foundation!"

After this battle, the patriarchs of the three clans were also enlightened.

The idea of ​​fighting for hegemony has been completely given up, and all he wants now is to keep his offspring alive and develop steadily.

Lin Long couldn't help but sigh in his heart.

Sure enough, what is the situation, decide what to think.

If these three were killed before the war, they would not have such an idea.

But now they think of it together.

Down below, the miserable-looking children of the three clans looked at each other with wounds all over their bodies, but did not respond immediately.

Because the change before and after was so fast that they couldn't react at all.

Just a moment ago, everyone was still a life-and-death enemy, but now they say that they are plotted by others, and they want to submit to this Cyanwood Dragon God.

It is difficult for anyone to accept.

The Dragon Clan is better, after all, Lin Long is considered a Dragon Clan.

The Feng Clan and the Qilin Clan couldn't accept it.

"Feng Zu, let me take the liberty to ask, what is going on? Why do we, the Feng Clan, submit to a Dragon Clan!"

"Yes, Patriarch, we have suffered heavy losses in this battle. Most of the children of my Qilin clan died at the hands of the dragon clan. Now let me wait to shake hands with them! How can I be worthy of those dead clansmen!"

"Hmph! What right do you have to shout here! On the battlefield just now, your Qilin and Phoenix clans joined forces to attack our dragon clan, thinking we didn't see it! The blessing of the dragon god is to protect my dragon clan! Give you a place to recuperate and live, you should be grateful Dade , what qualifications do you have to make noise here!"

Seeing the quarrel among the clan's children, the three clan leaders showed embarrassment and looked at Lin Long in unison.

The grievances of the three clans in this battle were too deep, and even the three clan leaders couldn't eliminate the influence with a single sentence.

We can only see if Lin Long has any good solutions.

Lin Long shook his head, walked in front of the three of them, and looked down at the three clans below.

After pondering for a moment, he suddenly shouted!

"quiet!"

Lin Long's chest throbbed, and the word "short" exploded in the ears of the children of the three clans like a sonic boom!

The children of the three tribes, who were already injured and had vain breaths, were so shocked that their blood surged when Lin Long yelled loudly.

"puff!"

Many children of the three clans spit out a mouthful of blood, and their breath was weak.

"Qingmu Dragon God! What do you mean! Bullying me that there is no one in the Phoenix Clan!"

"I, the Qilin clan, would rather die in battle than be humiliated by you!"

"Master Dragon God! What is the meaning of this! The disciples in the family have been seriously injured!"

Both the Dragon Clan, Phoenix Clan and Qilin Clan all pointed their finger at Lin Long for a while.

The patriarchs of the three clans stood behind Lin Long, watching Lin Long's actions with complicated eyes.

After hesitating for a moment, he still didn't say anything, and handed over the matter to Lin Long.

Lin Long put his hands behind his back, looked indifferently at the shouting children of the three clans below, and didn't speak until his voice subsided, "I know that you are not convinced, and if you feel uncomfortable, you can attack me at any time, but there is one thing , think about it clearly."

"There are only two roads before you!"

"First, being imprisoned by Heaven's Dao, stuck in the current realm of cultivation for the rest of your life, and then waiting for the clan to be wiped out with your ridiculous pride."

"Second, surrender to this seat. This seat will protect you and let you recuperate. Relatively, you must obey this seat's order!"

"I don't force it. In fact, if you don't agree, this seat saves a lot of trouble."

Lin Long waved his hand, and the Chaos Orb opened a gap, releasing the Sanxian Island inside.

As soon as it appeared, it was suspended above Lin Long's head, and there was a feeling of covering the sky and the sun.

On the island, surrounded by fairy mist, spiritual energy rises.

The patriarchs of the three clans shrank their pupils as they looked at the three fairy islands.

"Blessed land!"

"The spiritual energy here is stronger than that of the Paradise of Paradise."

"Aoki Dragon God is really generous!"

The patriarchs of the three clans sighed sincerely.

This is true of the patriarchs of the three clans who are used to seeing good things, so it goes without saying for the children of the three clans below.

Facing the three fairy islands, the children of the three clans were stunned for a moment.

Only then did Lin Long speak again, "These three fairy islands are the places I leave for you to recuperate and live."

"Afterwards, I will use my means to re-open up a small world and separate the three fairy islands from the wild."

"You can decide for yourself whether to stay or not."

"The children of the three clans who can reproduce for the ethnic group and let go of their hatred, welcome to this seat, and the fairy island of this seat is open for him."

"As for those who are blind, can't tell the seriousness, and only care about their own face and disregard the life and death of the ethnic group, they can leave on their own. This seat doesn't bother to say anything."

"Whether to go or stay, decide for yourself!"

Lin Long stopped talking, closed his eyes, and got up to rest.

"What should I do, do you want to listen to him?"

"Is it true that you will lock your cultivation for life?"

"It should be true, the patriarch is here, he won't lie to us."

"Then, shall we go up?"

"We can't let the bloodline die in our hands!"

"Yes, anyway, the three fairy islands, the big deal will be less contact in the future!"

"Well, seeing that the Cyanwood Dragon God didn't participate in the battle before, and he didn't show mercy to the Dragon Clan just now, he must not be too partial to the Dragon Clan!"

After the discussion, the children of the three clans gradually reached a consensus.

The Dragon Clan stood at the forefront, bowing to Lin Long in salute.

"I am willing to make an oath on the Dao, and obey the dragon god's arrangement!"

The Feng Clan and the Qilin Clan followed closely behind.

Seeing this situation, the patriarchs of the three clans also let out a long sigh of relief: "Thank you Dragon God for your action, this kindness will never be forgotten."


		