

This sudden change shocked the entire prehistoric creatures.

Hong Jun and Lin Long stopped fighting, and turned to look in the direction of the crack.

The crack that appeared in the sky just now, and the breath behind the crack, made both Hongjun and Lin Long feel a sense of familiarity.

"Chaos Demon God!"

Lin Long, who had transformed into the heel of the Chaos Demon God, and Hong Jun, who was originally the Chaos Demon God, all reacted at this time.

Outside the Heaven and Earth Sword Furnace, Nuwa, Tiandao, and Houtu, who represents authenticity, also appeared at the same time.

All the great powers in the prehistoric world are looking at the crack in the sky with vigilance at this moment.

Through the cracks, a group of top powers can vaguely see a huge figure constantly walking around the prehistoric world, with huge claws trying to penetrate the cracks and penetrate into the prehistoric world from time to time.

Lin Long looked at Hong Jun and Luo Hu with yin and yang faces, and asked, "Is there still the Chaos Demon God alive?"

Right now, it is no longer the time for the two sides to fight.

Although Hongjun and Luohu were also Chaos Demon Gods before, after Pangu opened the sky, they are now closer to the innate creatures of the prehistoric, but they are still following the Chaos Demon God.

Most of the authentic Chaos Demon Gods are affected by the Qi of Chaos, cruel, bloodthirsty, and like to destroy everything!

If he was really attacked by this Chaos Demon God, the entire Great Desolation would be affected.

Therefore, Hongjun Luohu and Lin Long unanimously stopped the fight.

"No, there should be no living demon gods in the sea of ​​chaos!"

Hongjun and Luo Hu shook their heads, and said in a strange voice: "When Pangu opened up the world, the Chaos Demon God was basically beheaded on the spot, and the remaining few were also seriously injured. Under the oppression of Kaitian, it is basically impossible to survive. of!"

Listening to their explanation, Lin Long felt even more strange.

Moreover, he didn't know if it was his own illusion, when the Chaos Demon God looked into the wilderness just now, Lin Long actually noticed a sense of familiarity.

However, this sense of familiarity is extremely weak, and Lin Long is not sure if he feels wrong.

Afterwards, Lin Long released Tongtian and Yuanshi Tianzun.

The Nuwa and Houtu walked to Lin Long's side together, looking at the crack in the sky.

"Brother Lin, what's going on, why is there still a Chaos Demon God?"

Even the weakest Chaos Demon God can rival a saint in cultivation!

What Lin Long and others were worried about was not this demon god, but that there were countless chaos demon gods in the boundless sea of ​​chaos!

If this is the case, it will definitely be an unprecedented disaster for Hong Huang!

At that time, everyone will not have to fight for the control of Honghuang. Anyway, Honghuang only has one-third of an acre of land. Once it is invaded by the Chaos Demon God, it will soon be completely destroyed by the Chaos Demon God.

Facing Houtu and Nuwa's inquiries, Lin Long frowned slightly and shook his head slowly.

This matter also exceeded his expectations.

Moreover, he also keenly noticed that this Chaos Demon God seemed to be purposefully looking for the Great Desolation!

When a crack opened up in the sky just now, he heard clearly that the demon god said: I found it!

what is he looking for

The prehistoric world is incompatible with the law of chaos. The Chaos Demon God cannot directly destroy the prehistoric world, but can only nibble away a little bit. The cracks in the sky are getting bigger and bigger.

When Tiandao came to Lin Long's side, everyone's eyes also came together.

"Beyond the prehistoric world, there is a Chaos Demon God, and he is trying to devour the prehistoric world."

Tiandao looked at Lin Long and said expressionlessly: "In the prehistoric world, except for the three ways, only you have the highest cultivation level. Lin Long, I hope you can stop this Chaos Demon God."

His tone remained the same, even though the invasion of the Chaos Demon God was related to the survival of the heavens, he still looked like he was not in a hurry.

However, as soon as Tiandao's voice fell, Nvwa on the side immediately stopped: "No! The Chaos Demon God is too dangerous! Even if you want to make a move, you have to do it together! Besides, Brother Lin is not the only one who is tyrannical here? Only Dao Patriarch Fighting against Big Brother Lin, I don't think I will lose the slightest bit, why not Hongjun?!"

Fighting the Chaos Demon God is a very dangerous thing in itself, not to mention that several people were fighting just now, and no one can guarantee that no one else will stab him in the back when fighting the Chaos Demon God.

If such a situation really happens, it is almost a certain death situation.

Nuwa, who was only thinking about Lin Long, naturally couldn't agree to let Lin Long do this kind of thing.

Hearing this, Na Hongjun's eyes widened immediately, and he really wanted to ask Nuwa, what the hell do you care about that kind of confrontation?

And Houtu over there also took a step forward, staring at Tiandao, wanting Tiandao to give an explanation.

She may have heard Lin Long say that Hongjun wanted to merge and devour the Heavenly Dao before. Has there been any ulterior agreement reached?

If there is no reasonable explanation, Houtu can completely suspect that this incident itself is a trap against Lin Long made by Hongjun and Tiandao together!

If this is the case, it is impossible to say that Houtu will mobilize the power of the tunnel to compete with the heaven!

Tiandao didn't have the slightest emotion, and said coldly after hearing the words: "The Chaos Demon God outside is very strong, and his cultivation base has reached the peak of a saint, which is the consummation of Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian."

"But because the Chaos Demon God is in the Chaos Sea, his strength will be increased, and his actual combat power should be comparable to Hunyuan Wuji Luo Jinxian."

"The only ones who can deal with him in the wild are the three of us, Hongjun Luohu, and Lin Long."

Tiandao said unhurriedly: "We wait for the three ways to rely on Honghuang, so we can't leave by ourselves, and if we have problems, Honghuang will be broken in an instant."

"We need to maintain the stability of the prehistoric world, so we cannot fight against the Chaos Demon God."

"Hongjun and Luohu are weaker than Lin Long, and their predecessors were Chaos Demon Gods..."

Having said that, Lin Long understood what Tiandao meant.

Who said the way of heaven is careless?

What he said just now, didn't he clearly want to guard against Luo Hu and Hongjun?

These two guys used to be the Chaos Demon God, and this one outside is also the Chaos Demon God. If they are really asked to deal with the Chaos Demon God, who knows if they will join forces with the Chaos Demon God outside?

Therefore, after some consideration, Tiandao decided to hand over this matter to Lin Long.

Whether it's true or not, at least the argument is reasonable.

Lin Long looked at Hongjun and Luohu.

Na Hongjun turned his head away, and hummed: "Now the Great Desolate World can no longer accommodate the real Chaos Demon God, and the Great Desolation is also the place where we live. Naturally, we don't want this Great Desolation to be destroyed!"

Immediately, Luo Hu's voice also sounded: "If you are willing to stop the Chaos Demon God, I promise that I will not let Hongjun take the opportunity to attack you! Of course, I will not."

The two expressed their views successively.

But Lin Long pondered for a moment, then raised his hand, and called his two clones over: "Look at them, if there is anything wrong, do it immediately!"

"Don't worry, we understand."

Lin Long's two clones are actually another layer of temporal bodies, and with the help of the law of cause and effect, the strengths of both sides are synchronized.

Therefore, the avatar is naturally conscious, but this consciousness will be shared with Lin Long.

Seeing this situation, Lin Long still had to guard against himself, Hong Jun curled his lips, but he didn't speak.

Then, under the worried eyes of Houtu, Nuwa and others, Lin Long flew towards the crack in the sky.

However, no one noticed that the moment Lin Long left the place, a subtle fluctuation of the law penetrated into one of the clones.

"Hongjun, I hope you won't be stupid. If there are black hands behind the scenes, you won't be able to close the game!"

"I never said that I only have two clones!"


		