

"This kind of momentum!"

"This is the coming of a saint!"

Seeing the auspicious vision that suddenly appeared between the heaven and the earth, some prehistoric creatures immediately reacted, with shocked expressions on their faces.

Feeling the coercion of the saint, they all knelt down in the direction of the coast of the four seas where Nuwa was!

"It's Empress Nuwa!"

"Sure enough, Empress Nuwa cut three corpses in a row in the Zixiao Palace. She has outstanding talent. Now she is the first to prove the Tao and become a saint. Of course, there is no problem!"

"That's not right, Hongjun Daozu hasn't explained the method of proving the Tao and becoming holy, how did Empress Nuwa become holy?"

"This... I heard that Empress Nuwa and Qingmu Dragon God are very close. Maybe it was the master who called Empress Nuwa?"

"Well, there is a possibility, how else can Empress Nuwa prove the way!"

In the wilderness, many creatures knew that Nu Wa and Lin Long had a good relationship, so it is not surprising to have such a conclusion.


now.

In the Kunlun Mountain Sanqing Dojo.

Sanqing, who was comprehending the jade Jue bestowed by Hongjun and was about to cut off the second corpse, suddenly felt the pressure of a saint coming!

Sanqing's expression was shocked, and he quickly opened his Dharma eyes, looking in the direction where the saint's coercion came from.

It doesn't matter if you look at it, it will directly annihilate some of the self-confidence that Yuanshi Tianzun has just recovered to the bottom of the valley!

"This, how is this possible?!"

"How could Nuwa become a saint so quickly! Moreover, Daozu hasn't said how to become a saint, how did she become a saint!"

Originally, with the jade Jue bestowed by Hongjun, Yuanshi was confident that he would be able to kill the three corpses in less than ten thousand years, not weaker than Nuwa.

But just when he had just raised his hope, he became a saint! ! !

How do you even play with this shit?

Laozi ignored Yuanshi Tianzun who lost his composure, but turned his attention to Nuwa phantom above the sky.

What I care about is not Nuwa's breakthrough speed, but Nuwa's way of proving the Tao!

From the scene above the sky, it can be seen that Nu Wa did not prove the Tao with merit, but the real law is complete, and her cultivation is great, and she has entered the realm of a saint!

Such a saint must have extremely terrifying fighting power!

Even if he has become a saint at this time, he can only be suppressed by such a Nuwa.

This caused ripples in the heart of Lao Tzu, who seemed to have a weak heart, but was actually extremely proud.


In the west, in Mount Sumeru.

Still bitterly stuck in the Zhunti and Yingying of Daluo Jinxian's perfect state, looking at the phantom of Nuwa's Dharma, his teeth are about to gnaw.

"Brother, as disciples of Dao Patriarch, Nu Wa is already a saint, but we have not cut out a corpse. What should we do if this continues."

"Hmph, it's all to blame for the Cyanwood Dragon God, if it wasn't for him, why would you and I not even be able to get a Xiantian Lingbao!"

The two gritted their teeth for a while, but they both fell silent at the same time.

What's the point of saying this now? Finding a way to get a few congenital treasures is the real thing.

Without Lingbao beheading the corpse, everything would be useless.

A look of hesitation flashed across Zhunti's face.

Afterwards, Zhunti who pondered for a long time said: "Brother, do you still remember the last time you and I came back from the east and met the Cyanwood Dragon God."

As soon as this was mentioned, Jieyin gritted his teeth with hatred: "Hmph, how could I not remember, when he searched all of your and my spirit treasures!"

Zhunti shook his head, and said: "No, I mean, when we left, Aoki Dragon God seemed to have said that if you want to, you can ask him for help."

"What! Junior Brother, why are you talking so nonsense! How can the Cyanwood Dragon God be a good friend? If you and I go, maybe we will be tricked by this guy again!"

Jieyin was taken aback, he didn't expect that his younger brother Zhunti actually had the idea to seek refuge with Qingmu Longshen!

Thinking about the fact that the two brothers have been robbed by the Qingmu Dragon God three times, Jieyin has hated and feared Lin Long for a long time.

After his reminder, Na Zhunti also remembered Lin Long's method, and couldn't help shivering.

But after thinking about it carefully, he still bite the bullet and said: "Brother, you and I have no other choice now."

"It's true that the West can't even take out a single spirit treasure. The three Qings have already beheaded their bodies, and Nuwa has become a saint."

"In this way, as disciples of saints, you and I will be suppressed by Dongfang forever."

"At that time, in Zixiao Palace, how will we deal with ourselves?"

"Besides, you and I have nothing to lose now, even if we are ransacked by the Cyanwood Dragon God again, what can we lose?"

He is a kind of broken-hearted idea, and he is not afraid of wearing shoes with bare feet.

Hearing the words, he fell silent again.

Whether it is Sanqing or Nuwa, the pressure on both of them is too great.

Thinking about it carefully, what Zhunti said was quite reasonable.

When a person has nothing worth coveting, so what if it is delivered to the door?

If Aoki Dragon God wanted to kill their brothers, why bother? I could have killed it long ago!

After hesitating for a while, Jieyin finally made up his mind.

"Okay! After Nuwa's testimony and sanctification is over, you and I will go to the North Sea again to find the Cyanwood Dragon God and see what he has in mind!"

"No matter what, you and I have to find a way to get two innate spirit treasures from the Dragon God. We can't go on like this!"

After making a decision, the two looked up at the sky again, their eyes full of envy.

In the chaos, Hongjun, who was injured by adjusting his breath, opened his eyes suddenly, and there was some disbelief mixed with anger in his eyes!

"Nuwa actually proved the Tao and became a saint!"

"Impossible, where did she get the primordial purple energy from!"

If anyone is the most surprised by Nuwa's testimony and sanctification, it must be Hongjun.

After all, Zixiao Palace hasn't explained the way of saints yet, and other creatures don't know how to prove the way and become holy, thinking that as long as they practice enough, they can prove the way naturally.

But Hongjun, who has been here, knows very well that if he wants to prove the way and become a saint, he must have the primordial purple energy born from the way of heaven.

At the same time, you have to find your own opportunities.

Both are indispensable!

In his own hands, he has not yet bestowed the primordial purple energy that has arranged some means, and he has not yet arranged the matter of Nuwa's chance.

As a result, they have been proved and sanctified!

"Could it be that Lin Long intervened? No! This matter cannot be brought about by Lin Long alone!"

Hongjun immediately suspected that this incident was caused by Lin Long's intervention.

But after thinking about it, although Lin Long could help Nuwa quickly kill the three corpses, only he and Tiandao had the primordial purple energy. Even if Lin Long had great abilities, he couldn't help Nuwa become a saint.

"Could it be that Heaven is also involved in this matter?"

"If this is the case, it will be troublesome."

Before Lin Long intervened, Hongjun could easily suppress Tiandao.

But now, because of Lin Long, his plans were disrupted one by one, and Hongjun's energy was also consumed a little bit.

Because of his suppression of the dormant Great Desolate Heavenly Dao, there are already some signs of awakening.

"It seems that we can only forcibly devour the way of heaven in advance."

A flash of determination flashed in Hongjun's eyes.

Originally, it was thought that Zixiao Palace would not be opened until ten thousand years later.

But things changed, Hongjun couldn't and didn't want to wait any longer.

At that moment, Hongjun took a deep breath, accelerated the progress of healing, and at the same time began to think about the third lecture of Zixiao Palace.

With the help of Zixiao Palace's last sermon, he forcibly devoured and refined the way of heaven.

This matter should be done sooner rather than later, once the Dao of Heaven is fully awakened, then whoever refines who, may be uncertain.


On the coast of the four seas, Lin Long looked at Nuwa whose aura had stabilized, with approval in his eyes.

If you don't rely on merit, you will become a saint. From now on, you will definitely have a great advantage among the saints in the world.

I saw that on the sky, the long-awaited boundless merit began to slowly fall, and was divided into several parts in mid-air.

Among them, 50% flew towards Nuwa, and 20% flew towards Lin Long.

Yicheng flew to the congenital gourd vine.

The other 20% flew to the human race.

Lin Long looked at the merits and virtues flying towards him, and with a wave of his hand, he poured all the merits and virtues into Nuwa's innate gourd that was fused into one.

Immediately, the treasure gourd shone brightly!

Immediately afterwards, it was completely advanced to the top innate treasure, and at the same time, it also had a lot of merits to protect it!

The first innate meritorious treasure in Honghuang!

Lin Long's casual behavior made countless creatures who were paying attention to this place secretly swallow their saliva.

This is a merit!

This is the first innate merit treasure!

If it weren't for the identities and strengths of Lin Long and Nuwa to control the situation, there might be creatures coming to snatch it!

Nuwa's figure slowly fell.

The hundreds of millions of human races below all knelt down and bowed down.

"The human race has seen the Holy Mother and the Holy Father! Thank you, the Holy Mother and the Holy Father!"


		