

"From now on, Duke Dong will no longer be the head of the male immortals. Above the prehistoric world, there will be order. You can't force it. I hope you can do it yourself!"

Listening to this familiar yet unfamiliar voice, all the creatures were stunned for a long time.

After a long time, a creature finally reacted.

"This, this is the voice of Daozu. Daozu just handed down the decree?"

"Did I hear correctly, Daozu meant that Duke Dong is no longer the head of male immortals?"

"That's right, it seems that Dong Wanggong did something, and Daozu didn't like it."

"Then what should I do now? Do I still have to obey his orders?"

Now all the living beings present have joined the Eastern Prince's command.

The things that should be done are almost done, and the prehistoric world is about to be unified. Daozu said at this time that the position of the head of the Eastern Prince and Male Immortal is invalid, so what should we do next?

Xianmeng disbanded on the spot?

Isn't this a fucking joke?

It's like everyone rebelled together, and they all went to the palace to overthrow the dog emperor, but they suddenly said, you go home, wash and sleep, right?

Dong Wanggong, who came with the team, was pale at the moment, and his teeth were almost gritted.

To Hongjun, Duke Dong didn't dare to show resentment, but he was sure that he would feel dissatisfied.

I have worked so hard for so long, Hongjun said, all the fruits of my hard work will be wasted.

The most important thing is that I have already experienced the taste of power, why should I give up the position I have obtained?

Dong Wanggong's thoughts turned in his mind, as long as he wins Sanqing, his great cause of unifying the prehistoric world will basically be considered complete. At that time, luck will be added to his body, and even Hongjun himself will not be afraid.

"Wealth and wealth are sought in insurance!"

Thinking of this, Duke Dong's heart sank.

"Hmph, I am already the head of all immortals, and I don't need anyone to admit it anymore."

"Come here, take down Sanqing! Bring it back to Xianmeng!"

Duke Dong could only take advantage of his prestige not completely dissipated, and issue orders to cut through the mess quickly.

Although this violated Hongjun's order, but as Hongjun, he would not do it himself.

And when he wins the Sanqing, and the luck of the world increases, Hongjun doesn't dare to do anything to him easily!

It was a blitzkrieg!

"Prince Dong! What right do you have to order these monks! Now that the Taoist ancestor has abolished your position as the head of the male immortal, you are still giving orders here, can't you dream?"

Seeing that Prince Dong refused to give up his rights, Yuan Shi suddenly became anxious, pointing at Prince Dong's nose and yelling.

I have always looked at Dong Wanggong as displeased, and he looks like a villain.

Among the group of monks, some creatures slowly came to their senses.

"Hmph, Prince Dong! You are no longer the head of the male immortals, why should we listen to you?"

"That's right, I followed Daozu's order before listening to you. Now it's time for me to leave. If you dare to disturb my Qingxiu again, don't blame me for going to Daozu to sue you!"

Of course, all the creatures didn't dare to sing against Hongjun, they all agreed with him, and then left the team without hesitation.

Dong Wanggong's eyes were cold and he did not stop him.

The more you stop this kind of thing, the faster it will be lost. On the contrary, it shows that you are incompetent, so it is better to let it go, so as not to disturb the morale of the army.

But the appearances of these leading creatures were deeply engraved in the East Prince's mind, and he only waited for the settlement after the autumn.

Even if many souls leave, the remaining manpower can still deal with Sanqing.

Dong Wanggong still didn't want to give up, as long as he won Sanqing, he still had a chance.

In Zixiao Palace, Daozu Hongjun's eyes were cold.

"The generation of ants also want to shake the sky, you can't do it when you are Lin Long!"

Hongjun really didn't expect that Duke Dong would dare to disobey his order and attack Sanqing without hesitation.

I saw Hongjun snorted coldly, and slowly stretched out his palm towards the prehistoric world.

In an instant, the sky above the East Prince was changing, and thunder flickered.

A big hand composed entirely of laws grabbed down, and the target was Duke Dong.

Dong Wanggong's face changed drastically, he didn't expect Daozu to be so decisive, he actually did it himself regardless of his status!

"Daozu! Daozu is angry!"

"Daozu! This matter has nothing to do with us!"

Seeing the mighty force formed by this law, the creatures who did not leave knelt on the ground and did not dare to get up.

Sanqing's eyes showed joy, and Yuanshi laughed wantonly.

"Haha, Prince Dong, how about it! This is what Daozu meant, today is your death day!"

The Eastern Prince ignored Yuan Shi.

To be precise, he has no time to pay attention to Yuan Shi at this time.

At this moment, Dong Wanggong's eyes were full of fear, and he wanted to kneel on the ground to apologize to Hongjun, but found that he couldn't do anything.

At this moment, Duke Dong realized how insignificant he was in front of Hongjun, and how ridiculous the prehistoric hegemony he was pursuing was.

Even though he has been fighting for this for tens of thousands of years, Hongjun can destroy it with one simple sentence.

The time of death was approaching, and Duke Dong finally realized it. With unwillingness and despair, he slowly closed his eyes, waiting for that moment to come.

However, at this moment, a voice suddenly sounded from the void.

"Fellow Daoist Hongjun, although Duke Dong is wrong, he is not guilty of death. Why are you so angry?"

A green dragon phantom slowly emerged in the void.

A figure walked out of the space, it was Lin Long.

I saw Lin Long lightly waving his sleeve robe, the previously irresistible big hand of law disappeared in such an understatement, as if it had never appeared before.

It's a long story, but it actually happened in an instant.

It wasn't until the big hand of the law dissipated that everyone could see who was coming.

"Aoki Dragon God?"

Everyone was stunned.

The eyes of the rescued Duke Dong and Sanqing in the distance were even more puzzled.

"Why did Aoki Dragon God save me?"

Duke Dong recalled that before he had dealt with Sanqing, he would deal with Aoki Dragon God.

Now look at how ridiculous this is.

"Hehe, he probably knew that I was looking for him a long time ago, but he just didn't bother to talk to me."

People can pinch him to death with a wave of his hand, yet he dared to provoke him after so many years.

At this moment, Prince Dong is only thankful that he did not move the Buzhou Mountain and the Wuzhuang Temple of Longevity Mountain protected by Lin Long. If he really knocked down these two places, otherwise he would not have to wait for Daozu to take action, and he would be completely cold right now. up.

"Hmph! Lin Long, this doesn't quite match our original agreement!"

"You shouldn't have saved the Eastern Prince!"

Hongjun's figure appeared in the sky.

Taking a closer look, Hongjun's face was not pretty, and he was looking at Lin Long angrily at the moment.

In Hongjun's eyes, there was nothing but Lin Long. To be precise, except for Lin Long, who was on the same level as himself, Hongjun didn't pay attention to any living beings.

The remaining creatures are all ants that he can easily crush to death.

Looking at this look, Lin Long couldn't help but sneered, the look was so familiar.

Isn't that the look in the eyes of the Demon Ancestor Luohu back then?

In the final analysis, Hongjun and Luo Hu have always been the same kind of people, but Hongjun will hide even more before he achieves his goal.

The difference between the two is that Luo Hu is a real villain and will not hide his purpose.

Hongjun is a hypocrite!

However, now, someone hindered his plan, and Hongjun didn't want to continue acting.

Thinking of this, Lin Long shook his head with a smile: "Hehe, Daozu, our original agreement didn't say that I couldn't make a move, it's just that it doesn't affect your evangelism."

"Today, I want to protect Duke Dong!"

As soon as the words came out, the auras of Hong Jun and Lin Long collided.

In an instant, the world seemed to be turned upside down.

Countless creatures were directly stunned by this momentum and knelt on the ground, not daring or being able to raise their heads.

For a moment, the world seemed to be divided into two parts, occupied by Lin Long and Hong Jun respectively.

Both of them didn't speak, but their fighting spirit became stronger and stronger.

"Speaking of which, since the last farewell to the West, I haven't discussed with Fellow Daoist Lin Long again. Today is an opportunity. What do you think, Fellow Daoist Lin Long?"

The fly whisk flashed out from Hongjun's hand, and he stared fixedly at Lin Long.


		