

Of course, Lin Long had plans in his heart. Right now, when Dongwang Gongzheng was in high spirits, although the power of the Immortal Alliance was in full swing, it was still somewhat different from what Lin Long thought.

It was not easy for Prince Dong to muster up the courage to take action against such powerful and small clans as Honghuang. How could he dampen his enthusiasm at this time?

As long as he doesn't mess with himself, Lin Long even encouraged Duke Dong to do so.

Now the witch clan and the monster clan have all begun to migrate towards the small world, and there will be no disputes over the East Prince.

Hongjun wanted the East Prince to become the link between the monster clan and the witch clan, and definitely didn't really want to help the East Prince to become a leader.

There will indeed be a protagonist in the prehistoric world, but it must be a protagonist who can be controlled, not an ambitious but stupid guy like Dong Wanggong.

Lin Long couldn't be more clear about Hongjun's thoughts.

When Hongjun found out that the expected Lich battle hadn't happened, and when Duke Dong's family was dominant, he would naturally do it.

At the same time, find a way to correct the error in his eyes.

What I have to do is to try my best to free the witch clan and monster clan from Hongjun's control, and develop their own races independently, without being affected by the prehistoric battle.

Nuwa and Fuxi looked at Lin Long's avatar curiously.

"Brother Lin, doesn't your Dragon God Dao have no method of avatar? What's the matter with this avatar?"

It was the first time for the two of them to see Lin Long's avatar.

If Lin Long hadn't taken the initiative to unfold his green dragon phantom just now, even in person, Fuxi and Nuwa might not have recognized it.

From their point of view, they have never heard of such a brilliant clone method.

They also know the ordinary avatar technique, but that kind of avatar technique is very shallow, and ordinary experts can see through the authenticity at a glance. Although they may not be able to see through the opponent's body, they can be sure that it is the avatar.

However, the avatar Lin Long displayed is a living and independent individual no matter from any angle.

It is enough to see the brilliance of this avatar method.

Lin Long smiled, and never concealed the origin of the avatar: "Of course I have my supernatural powers, this avatar was not refined out of thin air, but a guy who had a feud with me in ancient times, and was later refined by me. Separated."

"When you see this clone of me in the future, just call me Mosquito Fellow, and you must not reveal my original identity."

Hearing such an important secret, Lin Long still told himself, and Nuwa felt sweet in her heart.

Little did he know that the current Lin Long was a bold man of high skill. He didn't care whether his avatar was hidden or not, but wanted to see what Hongjun would do if he used his avatar to stir up the situation.

Anyway, when the agreement was made before, it was only said that Lin Long should not play with Honghuang.

What does Taoist Mosquito have to do with me, Lin Long?

"Brother Lin, don't worry, I will never tell anyone."

Nuwa said swearingly, while Fuxi looked at Nuwa from the side, and smiled wryly in his heart. I am afraid that my little sister will become someone else's completely in a short time.

But Lin Long came to Buzhou Mountain and showed his identity, so naturally he couldn't leave directly, so he simply stayed here for a while.

At the same time, the leading creatures who besieged Buzhou Mountain also passed on the matter of Buzhou Mountain to the ears of the East Prince.

"My lord, I met the ancient Qingmu Dragon God in Mount Buzhou, but I failed to win over Nuwa Fuxi."

Hearing the report, Prince Dong suddenly opened his eyes on the golden imperial chair, with anger, shock, and not a little fear in his eyes.

"What?! Aoki Dragon God has appeared?"

All the creatures below dare not speak.

After a while, Prince Dong spoke again: "What did the Cyanwood Dragon God say to you?"

"This... In return, my lord, Qingmu Longshen didn't say much to me, he only said that Fuxi and Nuwa are his good friends, and told me to retreat quickly, but he didn't really show up."

"But the subordinates felt the coercion, which is exactly the same as when they were in Zixiao Palace. There is absolutely no mistake."

Duke Dong frowned, and murmured: "Didn't show up, did you just drive me away?"

"Hmph, thinking about it, I'm still afraid of Daozu, and I dare not really go against Daozu."

"So what about the ancient dragon god, he doesn't even dare to show his face."

"Forget it, don't worry about him, as I remember, apart from Nuwa Fuxi and Zhenyuanzi Hongyun, there are no other beings related to the Cyanwood Dragon God."

"He is the ancient dragon god, I can give him face, and these people don't have to look for them."

"But other than that, other creatures must not be let go!"

"I uphold the order of the Taoist ancestor to unify the prehistoric world, and I must not stop here just because of a little Aoki Dragon God!"

What Duke Dong said was righteous, and all the creatures below couldn't help but roll their eyes.

If you're scared, you'll be scared, if you're scared, you'll be scared, and you'll really fucking find yourself a step down.

Give others a face, do they need you to give face?

If you really pissed off the Qingmu Dragon God, he is a figure on the same level as the Taoist ancestor, and he will crush you to death in a matter of minutes.

After all, there can be countless heads of male immortals, but there is only one Honghuang, Qingmu Longshen.

But it doesn't matter, anyway, the Cyanwood Dragon God is not here at this meeting, all the people present are his subordinates of the East Prince, it's okay to brag and deceive yourself occasionally.

After bypassing Lin Long, the rest of the matter became much simpler.

With the current size of Xianmeng, ordinary small clans are not opponents at all. Even for those powerful people who have been famous for a long time in the prehistoric times, Duke Dong also adopts a swarming strategy, and the result is naturally that those powerful people are outnumbered and defeated one after another.

For a while, the Xianmeng really had the momentum to unify the prehistoric world.

Right now, in the prehistoric east, only the Kunlun Mountain Sanqing lineage remains.

As for the west, it's not that the prince of the East doesn't have the strength to break through, it's just that after the subordinates of Xianmeng went to the west, they found that the west is too barren.

Once the West is brought under the umbrella of the Immortal League, not only will there be no oil and water, but a lot of resources will have to be allocated.

When this news was reported, Duke Dong's waist was almost flashed.

This f*cking operation of the West is really too good. As long as I am poor enough, no one will conquer me. This is really suitable for the West.

When the entire Great Desolation was being persecuted by the Immortal League, the West escaped unharmed because of its own poverty.

However, Sanqing of Kunlun Mountain is not as lucky as the West.

Kunlun Mountain, as the ancestral line of the prehistoric, can be said to be extremely rich.

The East Prince, who wanted to dominate the prehistoric world, had coveted this place for a long time.

It's just that due to Sanqing's strength, he has been unable to do anything.

But now, Duke Dong has finally accumulated enough strength, it's time to attack Sanqing.

With one order, the Xianmeng besieged Kunlun Mountain!

Above the Kunlun Mountains, the Sanqing appeared together!

The three of them looked at the subordinates of the Immortal League around them, as well as the Prince Dong who was present in person, with resentment in their eyes!

"Prince Dong, this is Kunlun Mountain, you brought people here to make trouble! Isn't it too much!"

"That's right, what did you say that you want me to join your fairy alliance and give you Kunlun Mountain! Hmph, what qualifications do you have?"

"My three brothers have been here since they were born. Why should I give up the dojo to you?"

Even the good-tempered Lao Tzu couldn't help shaking his beard with anger at this moment.

This is no longer rude, but deceiving too much!

Dong Wanggong didn't take it seriously when he heard the words: "Hehe, I am ordered by the Taoist ancestor to rule the flood, and this Kunlun Mountain is also within the flood, so naturally it belongs to me!"

"Today, if you give up this Kunlun Mountain and join the Xianmeng, then everything will be fine."

"But if you don't obey, then... Honghuang won't have the title of Sanqing anymore!"

There are more than a dozen Da Neng in the Da Luo Realm surrounding Kunlun Mountain alone.

Among them, Daluo Jinxian was perfect, and counting Duke Dong himself, there were as many as three of them.

On the other hand, in the Sanqing, only Lao Tzu and Yuan Shi are the Daluo Jinxians who are perfect, while Tongtian is still a little short.

Therefore, the Xianmeng has the upper hand, and the East Prince dares to be so confident.

In the dark, Taoist Mosquito, Lin Long's avatar, couldn't help but feel a little funny when he saw this situation.

At the same time, in Zixiao Palace, Hongjun, who had been practicing in seclusion, finally opened his eyes slowly.

"Well, what the hell is going on here?"


		