

Looking at the great opportunity that was so close in front of him, Lin Long's mood fluctuated uncontrollably.

After taking over the Dao Seed, he ascended to the sky in one step, and Hongjun was no longer his opponent.

Even, he can get the right to control the way of heaven.

To be in control is not to be the spokesperson of the way of heaven like Hongjun!

In one thought, the life and death of the Dao of Heaven are within his grasp.

I don't need to build any small world anymore, the whole prehistoric world can become my own.

Lin Long's hand moved forward uncontrollably.

Soon, Lin Long gently entrusted the crystal clear Dao Seed in his hands.

On the side, Pangu said with a smile: "As long as you absorb this thing, you can completely transform into the heel of the Chaos Demon God."

Lin Long looked at the Dao Seed in his hand: "Just absorb it like this?"

"That's right, put it in the sea of ​​consciousness to nourish it, and it won't take long before it will have an effect."

"Since you have accepted the Dao Seed, it means that the agreement between us has been established."

"That way, I'm relieved."

As he spoke, the phantom of Pangu's will began to dissipate slowly.

Until the will clone completely disappeared, Lin Long looked at the Dao Seed in his hand and shook his head.

"You really think of me as a fool."

"Do all Chaos Demon Gods have this kind of virtue?"

After speaking, Lin Long summoned the branches of the World Tree that had taken root in the Chaos Orb.

The next moment, the branches of the World Tree seemed to be stimulated by something, and the delicate branches turned into vines, which suddenly entangled the Dao Seed.

The crystal clear dao seed began to shrink at a speed visible to the naked eye.

And on the world tree, a crystal clear fruit began to bear.

Seeing that the Dao Seed is about to disappear.

A terrified cry came from within the Dao Seed.

"Boy! What are you doing!!!"

Lin Long couldn't be more familiar with this voice, it was Pan Gu's voice just now.

A smile suddenly appeared on Lin Long's face.

"Hey, Great God Pan Gu, haven't you already disappeared? Why did you suddenly appear again? You are still in the Dao Seed."


The voice was silent for a while.

"Boy, I did lie to you. I didn't disappear. I just left a wisp of consciousness to nourish in the Dao Seed. I want to see the prehistoric world again."

"You absorb the Dao Seed into the World Tree like this, you are completely reckless!"

"You will lose your chance to become enlightened!"

As the Dao Seed became smaller, the voice became visibly anxious.

Lin Long rolled his eyes.

"Until now, you still refuse to tell the truth?"

"Pangu Great God, or rather, it is more appropriate to call you the remaining evil thoughts of Pan Gu Great God, right?"

After Lin Long finished speaking, he could clearly feel that the consciousness in the Dao Seed froze for a moment.

"You, what are you talking about, I'm..."

The voice was still quibbling, Lin Long waved his hand impatiently: "Okay, don't pretend here, if I'm not sure I can absorb this kind of seed to the World Tree?"

"You know, the powerful law in my body dares to fool me with this thing."

"Great God Pangu used the law of strength to prove the Dao. I don't have any sense of his Dao Seed?"

"Also, you know that I have mastered the supernatural power of Dao reshaping, never thought that I would try to use supernatural powers to evolve this species?"

"What! You are crazy! You use supernatural powers to evolve the Dao Seed!"

"No, you, how can you not get hurt when you evolve into a Dao species?"

In Dao Seed, the voice was very surprised.

Lin Long smiled and said, "You don't have to worry about that, it's just that I'm fine anyway."

"However, you are now in a lot of trouble."

"World Tree, specially absorbs the power of law to grow."

"Now you are the best tonic for World Tree."

"So, goodbye."

As Lin Long said, he urged the World Tree to accelerate its absorption.

Dao Seed began to struggle continuously, and the voice came out more urgently: "No, boy, we can still talk, stop first!"

"I know a lot of secrets, I can help you kill that old bastard Hongjun!"

"I know how to restore the Pan Gu axe!"

"I also know the location of many treasures! Don't absorb me!"

The voice in the Dao Seed kept shouting.

Lin Long was unmoved.

On the contrary, the speed of absorption is getting faster and faster!

Finally, this strand of consciousness completely understood Lin Long's determination.

"Boy, you will regret it!"

"Even if I die, there will be a catastrophe in the future! At that time, both you and Hongjun will die!"

"just wait!"

The sound stopped abruptly, and looking again, that kind of Taoism has completely disappeared.

"puff!"

Lin Long spat out a mouthful of blood, and his face became pale without any trace of blood.

Facing this will just now, Lin Long was pretending to be calm.

This guy is trapped by the world tree, but he is not without the power to resist.

Whenever I showed a little bit of decline just now, this will will definitely be discovered, and I will continue to persevere.

If I struggle for a while, I really can't hold on.

This is just an avatar.

In the Dragon God Realm, in the Dragon God Palace, Lin Long's body could no longer hold on.

Blood trickled down the corner of his mouth.

"The Dao Dao species is really not something that I can evolve now."

Lin Long is not a fool, even though he took over the Tao, he didn't find any problems.

Even Nizhi Future deduced it backward for 100,000 years, but found no abnormalities.

But Lin Long always felt that something was wrong.

An idea suddenly popped up in my heart, I can try to deduce the composition of this thing in reverse.

It turned out that the so-called Dao Seed, apart from weakening the law of force, was left with evil spirits and Pan Gu's evil thoughts.

It can be deduced easily.

And trying to condense the Dao Seed, just at the beginning, directly caused himself to be seriously injured!

If it weren't for the blessing of great luck, maybe this time, he would have died.

It was also because of this that Lin Long was sure that this thing was definitely not a Dao species.

If I guessed correctly, this thing should have been combined with the Twelve Ancestral Witches into one.

Because of his own reasons, the Twelve Patriarchal Witch saved the primordial spirit, so that he had nowhere to go, and was reborn.

After adjusting his breath on the spot for a while, Lin Long felt that his condition was much better, so he slowly got up.

At this time, World Tree has returned to its normal appearance.

It's just that there is an extra fruit on the branch compared to before.

As if he had noticed Lin Long's gaze, the immature branches of the World Tree trembled slightly, and the bright red fruit fell down.

Lin Long reached out to catch it with a smile on his face.

"The Dao Seed cannot be obtained by others, but with the World Tree, even the Dao Seed can be bred, let alone a Dao Seed."

"I would like to thank you for providing me with nourishment and pointing out the way, otherwise I really don't know how to practice next."

He put away the fruit in his hand, and decided to give it to the main body to take after returning home.

Feeling that the breath adjustment is almost done, Lin Long got up again and flew towards the monster court of the monster clan.

This time, the calling consciousness completely disappeared.

In a short while, Lin Long had arrived at the gate of the Yaozu's Heavenly Court.

Looking at the vast Nantian Gate, Lin Long raised his brows lightly, the current Yaozu is indeed magnificent.

"It's a pity that things will be reversed at the extreme, and future decline is inevitable."


		