

bang——

There was a loud noise, and the world shook violently!

The Houtu Ancestral Witch bumped into Buzhou Mountain, and actually smashed the Buzhou Mountain in half!

In the lower part, Mount Buzhou, which is connected to the prehistoric land, began to shrink toward the earth, as if it was about to merge into the earth.

And the upper half of the mountain that supports the sky is slowly falling off from the sky because of the lack of foundation.

Soon, as the upper half of the mountain fell off, a huge hole appeared in the prehistoric sky!

Through this loophole, we can see the unrefined Chaos Qi outside the prehistoric world!

Endless winds raged in the chaos, and ordinary creatures below the Daluo Jinxian realm, as long as they accidentally touched these winds, they would definitely end up with no bones left!

And the gap in the sky is still expanding!

As long as it reaches a certain point, the raging chaotic wind will completely penetrate into the prehistoric world. At the same time, without the support of Buzhou Mountain, the prehistoric world will gradually close together!

Above the sky, the space shattered and the sky collapsed!

On the earth, mountains and rivers toppled, lakes and seas flowed backwards!

Facing this doomsday situation, countless living beings have no choice but to keep running around, trying to escape this natural disaster!

The entire prehistoric world seemed like a scene that was about to be destroyed!

At the same time, a figure appeared in midair with a gloomy expression, staring at Lin Long angrily.

It was Hongjun!

Looking at the broken Buzhou Mountain, Hongjun ignored the safety of the creatures in the prehistoric world, but stared at Lin Long angrily, and said coldly: "Lin Long! What have you done! How dare you confuse the Wu clan? , break Buzhou Mountain!"

"Do you know how much karma is this? How many creatures in the prehistoric world will die because of you in this catastrophe!"

The voice was loud and panic-like, and following Hongjun's opening, it spread throughout the entire prehistoric world!

Lin Long naturally understood Hongjun's intention, which was nothing more than to let all the creatures in Honghuang know that the chief culprit of this disaster was him, Lin Long!

In other words, following Hongjun's words, the entire prehistoric creatures knew that it was the Wu Clan sent by Lin Long who broke Buzhou Mountain and caused this doomsday scene!

This old guy's mind is still so deep, he will not let go of any opportunity to suppress himself.

Even without himself, Hongjun will follow the original trajectory and find a way to make the Wu Clan break Buzhou Mountain!

This old thing is rotten!

He never mentioned the nasty things he did, but spared no effort to label himself.

But Lin Long didn't care about it, even Hongjun's appearance was within his expectation.

The prehistoric world collapsed, and he naturally had his own means to make up for it.

Meanwhile, Xuangui and Kunpeng, who were forcibly arrested by Lin Long, were already stunned.

Originally, the black tortoise was forced out of the Beihai Guixu by Kunpeng with brute force, and was heading to Buzhou Mountain. In the end, he felt that he was caught by a giant hand, and the next moment he was directly dragged to Buzhou Mountain.

Then……

The sky is falling!

It really collapsed!

The Buzhou Mountain that supported the heaven and the earth was broken at this moment!

Damn, for the first time in his life, he walked out of Beihai and saw such a big thing!

When I just came out, the world is going to die?

This feeling is as if I have worked so hard to download the game login device through the Internet cable, pass the face recognition authentication, and finally start playing the game after a lot of effort, but you told me that the server was shut down?

"Xuangui, I am the Cyanwood Dragon God! Kunpeng was also sent by me to find you!"

Lin Long looked at the huge black turtle and said.

The mysterious tortoise heard the voice, and then came back to his senses, and hurriedly said: "The northern sea tortoise has seen Lord Dragon God."

He didn't pay much attention to this so-called Aoki Dragon God before.

Although the name of the Qingmu Dragon God has been rumored in the prehistoric era these years, what is the number one powerhouse in the prehistoric era.

But the suspense itself is also very talented, and since he has never been to Beihai, he has never seen Lin Long's true strength.

Therefore, he has always been skeptical about Lin Long's name.

But now, the other party forcibly pulled him over with one hand, and the first time he saw him, he actually made the sky collapse, and he could still chat with him so calmly after it was over...

This fucking is a real boss!

And he's still the kind of boss who wants to make a big deal without saying a word!

But he also understood one thing, that is, the Aoki Dragon God in front of him cannot be treated with common sense, moreover, he is not an existence that he can provoke!

Before Kunpeng was still carrying the haughty Xuan Gui, but now facing Lin Long, he lowered his head directly without even ordering him.

Down below, Kunpeng couldn't help curling his lips when he saw Xuangui's expression, Xuangui is really not an ordinary bully!

"I called you here this time because I have an opportunity to give you!"

Lin Long said: "You have been in the Beihai Guixu, but you are suffering from being unable to transform..."

Before he could finish his sentence, the huge pupils of the black turtle suddenly lit up: "Could it be that Lord Dragon God has a way to help me transform? If that's the case, just give orders to Lord Dragon God if you have something to do, and I will never let you go!"

For so many years, Xuan Gui's only wish is to be able to transform into form smoothly!

While this tens of thousands of meters of real body brought him great strength, it also completely imprisoned him at the entrance of Guixu.

Hundreds of millions of years have been painted as a prison, and no one can stand it.

After all, Xuangui doesn't have the Gou Dao system to sign in at the same place, but it can't stand the loneliness for so many years.

He naturally thought about giving up his physical body, but this physical body is so good, not to mention being comparable to the Chaos Demon God, at least it is also a prehistoric alien species, and its bloodline talent is not much better than Pangu's authentic Sanqing .

But don't think that this kind of heel is not important!

There are hundreds of millions of creatures in the prehistoric world, but there are no more than ten fingers who can stand shoulder to shoulder with each other!

Even though everyone is an innate creature, there are some strong and some weak, and the gap between the strong and the weak is not small.

Therefore, Xuangui has always been reluctant to give up this physical body.

Lin Long looked at the excited Xuangui, and glanced at Hongjun from the corner of his eye.

Due to the difference in strength between the two sides, although Na Hongjun reprimanded Lin Long, he did not dare to directly attack.

He could only watch Lin Long operate.

"Now the prehistoric world is closed, only your limbs can support the world and turn it into the four poles of the world!"

"If you are willing to voluntarily give up your physical body, I promise to accept you as a disciple. When the opportunity comes in the future, I will give you a chance to make good fortune, and the state of chaos in the future will not be a fantasy!"

This is Lin Long's initiative to promise.

However, before the mysterious tortoise could react, Hongjun's pupils shrank in midair, and his voice was sharp and anxious: "Lin Long! How dare you harm living beings!"

At this moment, he has completely lost his calm demeanor as the Taoist ancestor in the past.

The reason is simple, Lin Long, power his cake!

The limbs of the tortoise turned into quadrupoles to support the world, is itself an important step in Hongjun's plan for the prehistoric world!

After the Six Sages were born, he would find a way to break Buzhou Mountain, and then hint at the Six Sages, behead the black turtle, and use its four legs to support the world!

This is a great merit!

Don't Zhou Shan support the sky and ask?

Of course a stable batch!

But no matter how stable Zhou Shan is, Hongjun won't get any benefit!

If after some operation of his, it is not he who breaks Buzhou Mountain, but he is the one who finds a way to order people to take black turtles to support the sky on all fours. As long as this prehistoric world and prehistoric creatures exist for one day, he will have a steady stream Continuous merit can be obtained!

This is a lucrative deal!

Previously, Hongjun saw Lin Long ordered Houtu to break Buzhou Mountain. Although he reprimanded him on the surface, he was secretly happy in his heart.

Because in this way, he would not have to take the causal risk of breaking Buzhou Mountain.

But now, this fellow Lin Long has taken his opportunity one step further!

This goddamn Lin Long is simply gouging out his own flesh!

At the moment, Hongjun didn't care about other things, so he hurriedly spoke, scolding Lin Long and persuading Xuan Gui.

"Lin Long, the collapse of the world was caused by you, why should Xuan Gui bear the consequences for you and support the world?"

"The black tortoise's heels are powerful, his blessings are deep, and it is hard to find in the wild. If he dies, it is impossible to think about this heel. You are not giving him a chance, but destroying his foundation!"

While speaking, Hongjun also glanced at Xuan Gui.

Sure enough, when Xuangui heard Hongjun's words, he also showed a thoughtful look on his face.

Now, Hongjun breathed a sigh of relief.

As long as Xuan Gui disagrees, everything will be easy to handle!

As for when he needs to use the four-legged tortoise to support the world in the future, if he disagrees, he will kill it directly, and even the true spirit will be wiped out together!

In this way, the theory of cause and effect is naturally out of the question!

It's like if you can't solve the problem, then solve the person who raised the problem!

The effect is the same.


		