

Lin Long didn't stop Di Jun from giving this order, because he only needed a long-eared Dingguang Immortal to play a role in the future, and he didn't care about anything else.

But having said that, the appearance of Ding Guangxian and finding a loophole to join the Saint Sect under such a rule is really beyond Lin Long's expectations.

"Sure enough, even Hunyuan Wuji Luo Jinxian cannot completely change all forms."

Lin Long shook his head and stopped paying attention to this matter.

The matter of screening the disciples of the Saint Sect also came to an end for the time being.

Those creatures who were sent to Kunlun Mountain by the monster clan also all successfully joined the saint's sect.

Lin Long and Di Jun were not surprised at this point. After all, they were screened according to the conditions given by the sage before, and sending them to Kunlun Mountain for the sage to screen again was nothing more than a theory.

Besides, if they really screened out a group, then how can the Yaozu cooperate with the saint in the future?

Therefore, as long as there is no major disturbance in the ones sent by the Yaozu, Yuanshi Tianzun and Master Tongtian will basically not deliberately refute the face of Yaozu Dijun.

Of course, it cannot be said that there are no twists and turns.

That Yuanshi Tianzun didn't like the acquired creatures and the monster race. When he saw Huanglong, he couldn't help but take a second look, which made Huanglong's small heart beating wildly.

But in the end, because of Huanglong's luck and good following, Yuan Shi still took Huanglong into his sect.

However, compared to other disciples, Huanglong is like air in the eyes of Yuanshi Tianzun, and what Yuanshi needs is to recruit disciples to gather luck.

As for whether to look down on it or not, that's another matter.

In this regard, Huang Long also had no choice but to muddle along since he had joined Chanjiao, and it was hard to change his family.


Time flies, and there is no trace of time.

On the Kunlun Mountains.

There are sages preaching, and the cultivation of those disciples who worshiped the interception and interpretation of the teachings also soared like a rocket.

On this day, the breeze was as usual. Seeing that many disciples had broken through to the realm of Taiyi Jinxian, Yuanshi Tianzun and Master Tongtian were also preparing to preach as usual.

However, at this moment, a sound transmission suddenly sounded.

"Sanqing, meet and guide, Zhunti, come to Zixiao Palace quickly!"

This voice is Hongjun!

The people he called were all his nominal disciples!

Of course, there was another disciple, Ziwa, who was directly given up by Hongjun.

At this point, how could Hongjun still not understand that he has been unable to win over Nuwa.

Didn't see that Nuwa was about to take the initiative to warm Lin Long's bed? In this case, how could it be possible to win over?

What the hell, he shouldn't have accepted this Nuwa as his disciple in the first place!

Thinking of this, Hongjun was so angry!


Soon, in Zixiao Palace, Sanqing, Jieyin and Zhunti all rushed over.

The chaotic sea that was difficult to cross in the past is no longer a problem under the feet of the few people now.

Seeing that all five saints were present, Hongjun's figure slowly appeared.

"Disciple pays homage to Master!"

They didn't dare to be negligent. Although they had been sanctified, Hongjun was still their nominal master after all, so after seeing him, he still had to behave like a disciple.

Of course, this is not the most important thing. The most important thing is that even though they are saints, they still feel a lot of pressure on Hongjun.

Therefore, they also understood that Hongjun's cultivation was at least a notch higher than these saints!

In the final analysis, big fists and strong strength are the truth.

Hongjun slowly opened his eyes, nodded slightly, and looked at the saints below.

"Get up, everyone, I asked you to come here today because of the affairs of the human race!"

"The human race is the protagonist of the world, with great luck, but it needs to be tempered!"

"Among the human race, the high positions should be equal to the number of the Three Sovereigns and Five Sovereigns, and at the same time, there should be teachers of the Three Sovereigns and Five Sovereigns!"

"The Human Sovereign attains the right fruit, and the Human Sovereign's teacher can also obtain massive merit!"

After Hongjun finished speaking, the eyes of the saints who spoke directly lit up with gold.

What are Sanqing and the Second Saints of the West most lacking now?

Isn't it merit?

Now Hongjun's meaning is very clear, the three emperors and five emperors of the human race were born, and if they become a saint teacher, they will have merit!

Moreover, it is called massive by a power of Hongjun's level, will it be less?

These positions are very important. On the one hand, they can be used to train their own disciples, and on the other hand, they can also let the disciples help the sect to collect merit and luck.

No matter what, you have to fight for it!

The Yuanshi Tianzun immediately jumped up, and said: "Master, now I have obtained twelve golden immortals in my teaching, and all of them have perfect virtues. The position of saint master of the human race should be held by my disciples!"

What he said made the Master Tongtian on the side frown.

My elder brother spoke so fast that he hadn't even reacted yet. The second elder brother actually wanted to round up all the teachers of the Three Sovereigns and Five Sovereigns?

Think beautiful!

"Respected Master, the current cultivation level of the disciples I am teaching has also shown its glory, and it is worthy of a great responsibility. I should be teaching a part of the position of the saint master of the human race."

The Master Tongtian did not give in, and stood next to Yuanshi Tianzun.

The Yuanshi Tianzun suddenly turned his head and stared at the Master Tongtian: "Third brother, you!"

"Humph!"

Master Tongtian snorted coldly, but ignored it.

And on the side, the guide was also not to be outdone, and hurried forward, and said: "Master, my Western teaching is that all living beings are equal, and this teaching is most suitable for the human race. The position of a holy teacher, in the opinion of the disciples, should be handed over to you." I am most suitable in the West."

As soon as these words were said, Sanqing immediately exploded!

Laozi didn't speak, but Yuanshi Tianzun and Master Tongtian suddenly spoke.

"No! You need to take care of the west! I don't need you to intervene in my affairs in the east!"

"That's right, welcome, Zhunti, do you want to try your hand with my three brothers?"

Although Yuanshi Tianzun and the leader of Tongtian are fighting for each other, but in the face of foreign enemies, the two are currently on the same page.

"you!"

Jieyin looked at Yuanshi Tianzun and Master Tongtian, who were fighting against each other, and was about to say something, but Zhunti tugged his sleeve quietly.

"Senior Brother Yuanshi, Senior Brother Tongtian, what you said is reasonable, and my two senior brothers really shouldn't interfere in this matter."

Zhunti cupped his hands and smiled, then turned to Hongjun, and continued: "Master, since Senior Brother Yuanshi and Senior Brother Tongtian want to take on the responsibilities of the human race, my two brothers have no objection."

Hongjun glanced at Zhunti and nodded meaningfully.

"Junior brother, why do you..."

After Zhunti retreated, Jieyin quietly asked via voice transmission, "Why doesn't our Western Sect participate in such a good event?"

"Brother, you're thinking about it."

Zhunti glanced at Sanqing, then at Gu Hongjun, and then quietly said: "You and I have blood mosquito needles, and I have never let others know about this secret treasure, so what if Sanqing will get the luck merit? We can just suck them in, why bother to be a human saint!"

After he said this, Jieyin came back to his senses. It was all his fault that he subconsciously wanted to fight for the benefits when he saw the benefits. Now he heard Zhunti's words and nodded immediately.

"What the younger brother said is reasonable, but it's not a problem for the Sanqing to be so united. We must find a way to divide them, otherwise I, Xixi, will definitely be suppressed by them in the future!"

"Brother's words are very kind."

The two brothers quietly conspired by voice transmission, while Hongjun on the other side looked at Lao Tzu, the leader of the Sanqing, who had always been taciturn.

"Lao Tzu, as a master of Taoism, you have the most say in this matter, why don't you say a word now?"

Hearing what he said, for a moment, the eyes of the other saints in the hall also looked at Laozi, even Yuanshi Tianzun and Tongtian leader were no exception.

During this time, Lao Tzu's reaction was really weird.

Since he set up the human religion, he has been in retreat since returning to Kunlun Mountain, never mentioning anything about the human race.

During this time, Yuanshi Tianzun and Master Tongtian were both dealing with the affairs of the sect, but they ignored them for a while.

Now after Hongjun's opening, the two of them finally came to their senses.

As the leader of the human religion, Lao Tzu doesn't even fight for the position of the saint teacher of the human race. This is so unreasonable!

Could it be that he has already gained some great benefits in the human race, and he doesn't bother with such a small profit?

For a moment, everyone looked at Lao Tzu with suspicion.

Could it be that this old boy made a fortune in a silent voice and took all the benefits for himself?

Now that the secrets of the sky are chaotic, it is difficult to deduce everything.

When Lao Tzu heard this, his face twitched slightly.

How could he not understand what Hongjun meant?

If the position of saint master of the human race was placed in the past, I must try to plan something.

But now, his avatar sits in the human race, so he naturally knows exactly what the human race has developed into. Therefore, I have no idea of ​​competing for the position of saint teacher at all!

Because the current human race doesn't need any saints at all.

Moreover, the human race does not respect saints as much as imagined!

The only ones they respect are the Holy Father of the Human Race, the Holy Mother of the Human Race, and himself, the leader of Humanism.

Of course, the respect received by the leader of the human religion cannot be compared with that of Lin Longnuwa at all.

The prestige and respect that I have been able to accumulate in the human race over the years are all obtained by frequent lectures.

That avatar that sits on the human race is now completely a ruthless lecture machine.

In addition, other people think that the human race will have a share, I am afraid it will be more difficult than reaching the sky.

So what else is there to do?

Don't say it's a disciple of a saint who wants to be a saint teacher, I'm afraid that even if he is a saint, he will have to touch his nose!

So, how could Lao Tzu make fun of himself and fight for something that doesn't exist.


		