

Inside Zixiao Palace.

Hongjun sat on top of the Qingyun in the sky with a face full of unwillingness, the corners of his eyes kept twitching.

Think about yourself as a majestic Taoist patriarch, formerly a Chaos Demon God, but now being suppressed by Lin Long everywhere!

Even Tiandao began to target himself!

"Had to start preaching, speeding things up!"

A glint of gloom flashed in Hongjun's eyes, then he calmed down and swept his spiritual thoughts to the outside of Zixiao Palace.

The news of the third sermon has already been released. Although Hongjun’s voice has been ups and downs in the flood all these years, but no matter what, the emaciated camel is bigger than a horse, bigger than a sheep, bigger than a chicken, duck and goose Great, so, there are still many great talents who come to Zixiao Palace to listen to the sermon after hearing the news.

Among them are Sanqing and Jieyin Zhunti.

After Nuwa became a saint, these people were under a lot of pressure.

After all, everyone is a disciple of the Taoist ancestor, so why should you, Nuwa, become a saint?

If you want to become a saint, you can only turn to Hongjun or Lin Long for help.

They must have no hope on Lin Long's side. Whether it is Sanqing or Jieyin and Zhunti, they are more or less in conflict with Lin Long. It is definitely not feasible to obtain the method of becoming a saint from Lin Long.

Therefore, they can only pin their hopes on Hongjun.

"Well, not bad."

Hongjun nodded in satisfaction, and with a thought, the gate of Zixiao Palace opened slowly.

Outside the main hall, the eyes of thousands of creatures waiting outside the hall across the chaotic sea lit up.

Then he hurried into the hall and kowtowed to Hongjun.

Hongjun didn't talk nonsense, and even started to preach.

Because after this sermon, there were still important things to arrange, so he didn't want to waste time.

at the same time.

Lin Long, Nuwa, Houtu, and Xuan Gui's Yuanshen were already standing at the foot of the broken Buzhou Mountain.

Looking at the Xuangui Yuanshen who was exuding the golden light of merit and virtue, like a little golden man, Lin Long nodded in satisfaction.

The merits of supporting the heaven and the earth with four legs are more than I imagined.

With this kind of merit, the achievements of this mysterious turtle will be limitless in the future.

Freed from the confinement of the physical body, the Xuangui Yuanshen also returned to the normal size of the fairy form.

At this moment, Xuan Gui stood beside Lin Long, bowed to Lin Long, and asked, "Master, what should I do now?"

Now that he had boarded Lin Long's boat, he naturally didn't think about anything else, so he could only walk to the dark and listen to Lin Long's arrangements.

Anyway, Hongjun must not be welcomed by himself, so he simply hugged Lin Long's thigh tightly.

Looking at the honest appearance of Xuan Gui, Lin Long thought for a moment, since there were rumors in the future that this guy was reincarnated and reincarnated as a human race, he might as well have accepted the rumor.

"Nuwa, there should be some managers in the human race who haven't confirmed it yet, you might as well..."

Before Lin Long finished speaking, Nu Wa smiled and said, "Brother Lin, don't worry, leave this black turtle to me, I will arrange a good status for him in the human race, and there will be a bright future for him in the future. "

"It's just how to place it in the human race, with a meritorious body, I will reshape the flesh for him?"

"If you take away the physical body of the newborn human race, it will be inferior."

"And if you really do this, it will also damage his merit."

Nowadays, most of the prehistoric beings are innate beings, and they are vague and unclear about reincarnation or seizing their homes.

After all, the six realms of reincarnation have not yet appeared.

And this was also one of Lin Long's goals this time. Immediately, instead of answering Nuwa's words, he looked at Houtu who was beside him in a daze.

Ever since he knocked down Buzhou Mountain, Houtu has been standing at the foot of the mountain in a daze, looking at the prehistoric world, feeling something in his heart.

"Houtu, what do you feel when you see the prehistoric world today?"

After hearing the words, Houtu frowned slightly, but did not speak.

Lin Long simply opened his mouth and said: "Nowadays, the proportion of innate creatures has gradually decreased."

"In this prehistoric world in the future, there will be more and more acquired creatures."

"Compared to innate creatures, the lifespan of acquired creatures will be correspondingly shorter."

"After these creatures die, their true spirits have nowhere to go. In the end, they can only turn into the turbid air of the world and infect the prehistoric aura."

After listening to Lin Long's words, Houtu seemed to have a flash of inspiration in his heart, but before he fully realized it, he asked, "My lord, what can I do?"

Lin Long nodded, and said directly: "The heaven and the earth just opened, the fresh air rises, and the turbid air descends. The earth is the home of these dead creatures."

"The reincarnation of life and death should be orderly, and now the prehistoric world still lacks an existence that can incarnate order."

Anyway, Houtu can realize these truths by himself, but now he doesn't want to wait any longer, so he simply tells Houtu directly.

Sure enough, what Hou Tu lacked was this advice. After hearing the words, it was like enlightenment, and there was a clear understanding in his heart.

"I understand, Lord Sorcerer God!"

As the words fell, Hou Tu's body slowly flew into the air, and every inch he rose, a bit of Dao rhyme was born on his body.

Flying all the way to the dome, Hou Tu's body was entwined with infinite Dao rhyme.

And behind it, the phantom of the Six Paths of Samsara looms.

"I am the descendant of the ancestor witch, the descendant of Pangu!"

"Today, seeing the creatures in the prehistoric world have nowhere to go after death, I wish to be transformed into the six realms of reincarnation!"

"Let the world learn from all living beings!"

Houtu's purpose this time is to lead out the tunnel and perfect the prehistoric world, so naturally there is no need for verification of the way of heaven.

As her vows came down, the souls in the prehistoric world felt something, knowing that Houtu would turn himself into the six reincarnations, and they all knelt down to Houtu.

At the same time, the prehistoric world felt a sudden sensation.

Under the earth, a will somewhat similar to the will of heaven slowly emerged in the hearts of the prehistoric creatures.

Behind Houtu, there were still some illusory phantoms of the Six Paths of Reincarnation, but now they are completely solidified!

Boundless merits and virtues of the tunnel swept in, and the six circles of reincarnation disk absorbed a large amount of merits and virtues, and began to slowly rotate with the will of all living beings.

Under the earth, based on the will of the authentic way, a mammoth world that is not weaker than the will of heaven appears on its own.

This is the underworld!

Immediately, the reincarnation disk of the six paths sank into the underworld, and Houtu became the ancestor witch, and the Dao was completely consummated at this moment!

With the help of the power of the tunnel, a clone stepped out of Houtu's body in one step. After seeing Houtu, the clone's eyes were calm.

"From today onwards, Taoist friends will be calm and in charge of the reincarnation of the six realms!"

Different from Hongjun's method of beheading the three corpses, what Houtu used the power of the tunnel to transform was not his own three corpses, but a clone composed entirely of tunnel power.

This avatar has the strength comparable to that of a saint.

Even after the tunnel is completely integrated, it can be compared to Hongjun who is in harmony.

At the same time, Nuwa also stepped forward and said, "I am the saint of Nuwa, the saint of the human race, and the human race should strive for self-improvement, show humanity!"

Rumble——

Muffled suddenly!

Although the three emperors and five emperors of the human race have not yet been born, the human race has already been born, and with the appearance of the tunnel, the three ways of the prehistoric heaven, earth and human have all appeared at this moment.

There is even a hint of awakening of the human will. [Remarks: Appearance and awakening are two different things]

At this moment, the three ways of prehistoric heaven, earth and human are completely consummated!

In Zixiao Palace.

Hongjun finished speaking about the way of a saint at the speed of light, and at this moment he is distributing the foundation of the holy throne, Hongmeng Ziqi.

Both Sanqing and Jieyin were assigned the primordial purple energy, and they were all beaming at this moment.

With this majestic purple energy, he can become a saint himself!

That is the real peak existence of the prehistoric world, immortal and immortal.

If you say you're not excited, it's definitely a lie.

After practicing for a long time, isn't this what the picture is about?

However, at this moment!

"puff!"

The complexion of Hongjun above the Qingyun in the sky changed, and a mouthful of blood spurted out wildly, his eyes were full of unbelievable expressions!

"how can that be!"

After Hongjun slipped a word, all the creatures in the hall were keenly aware that in this instant, Hongjun's aura plummeted a lot!

This situation really shocked everyone.

However, before everyone could react, the voice of the Great Dao of Panic had already sounded.

"The prehistoric world, the way of heaven is perfect, the tunnel has been revealed, and the way of humanity should flourish!"

"From now on, heaven, earth and people will operate in their own order!"

"The prehistoric creatures should be grateful for it!"

The sound rumbled, reaching the ears of all prehistoric creatures.

A group of powerful people in Zixiao Palace looked at each other, not knowing what expression to make for a moment.


		