

Compared with being in Yaozu and having to get a Daoxi name, after Lin Long came to Wuzu, things were much simpler.

Directly summon the Twelve Ancestral Witches, ask what outstanding young people the Witch Clan has today, and directly audition for them!

Soon, the younger generations of the Wu Clan, after being selected by the Twelve Ancestral Witches, came before Lin Long one after another.

"Master Witch God, these are the most outstanding group of the younger generation of the Witch Clan."

Di Jiang came to Lin Long and introduced him.

Lin Long nodded and glanced over.

Most of these young people are young witches, and some of them are older witches, who were directly excluded by Lin Long.

In the end, after being screened by the pupils of the Dao, Lin Long found that one of the young people had good potential and was quite suitable for his age.

The young man was tall and strong, but there was still a youthful look on his face.

Perhaps because of his young age, this young man still looks very immature.

But it doesn't matter, the little princess Di Hua of the Yaozu is also a little lolita now, this is just right.

"What's your name?"

Hearing Lin Long's question, the young little witch cupped his hands and replied respectfully: "As for Lord Wushen, my name is Yi."

"Yi?! Could it be the one who shot the sun in the legend?"

Lin Long's heart moved, and he said, "Look at your physical body, you are about to reach the realm of a great witch?"

"Back to Lord Wushen, yes, there is only one opportunity left."

Yi puffed up his chest, with a somewhat smug expression on his face, waiting for Lin Long's compliment.

To be able to cultivate into a great witch at his age is definitely considered a talent, not to mention that he was personally named by Lord Dragon God, so he naturally felt extremely honored.

Lin Long nodded, this Yi's talent is indeed good: "Tell me, what kind of weapon are you good at?"

"Back to Lord Wushen, I am good at using bows and arrows!"

Looking at the young man's appearance, Lin Long nodded. It seemed that he had found his goal.

The people of the Wu tribe, with outstanding talents, are good at using bows and arrows, and their name is Yi, so they must be Houyi in the future.

But now that Lin Long exists, if he wants to shoot the sun, he must shoot the sun, but it must not be like the original plot.

I have to shoot the sun in a different way...

"Okay, you come with me, the rest of you wait, let's disperse."

Lin Long pointed to Yi, and then told the rest of the Wu clan to disperse.

Seeing that he was not selected, the rest of the witch clan were a little disappointed, but they respectfully left as instructed.

Only Yi stayed where he was, not knowing why Lord Wu Shen left him behind.

"Master Wu Shen, is there anything to do with keeping this kid? Or is this kid causing trouble?"

Zu Wu Di Jiang stepped forward to ask, but Lin Long ignored Di Jiang, looked at Yi instead, and said, "Boy, do you want to improve your strength?"

Yi was taken aback by these words: "Improve your strength?"

"Yes, increase your strength!"

Lin Long smiled and nodded.

Yi hurriedly nodded frantically: "Yes, of course I want to!"

The witch clan is naturally full of thirst for power, especially the pure-blooded witch clan like Yi.

"Okay, from today onwards, you will follow me, and I will teach you myself."

Lin Long's words surprised the twelve ancestor witches on the side.

The witch god wants to teach this kid himself!

"Yi, why are you still standing there! Why don't you thank Lord Wushen!"

Di Jiang pushed Yi, and that Yi finally came to his senses, hurried forward and knelt on the ground with a plop, and saluted Lin Long: "Thank you, Lord Wushen!"

"Get up."

Lin Long nodded, and said: "I accept you as a gift, so I will accept you as a registered disciple. When you succeed in cultivation, I will accept you as an in-room disciple and worship me as a teacher. If you aspire to the top of the road, I will give you the title, Houyi!"

"Yes, disciple Hou Yi, pay respects to Master!"

Hou Yi kowtowed excitedly, and finally Lin Long gave another order before getting up.

"From today onwards, I will go to Pangu Hall every day to find a teacher, and my teacher will personally teach you the art of body training."

After finishing speaking, Lin Long turned and left, leaving the Twelve Ancestral Witches and Hou Yi overjoyed in place.

"Houyi, you have been chosen by the witch god to be a disciple, and you have a bright future ahead."

"Remember, by the side of Lord Wushen, you must practice seriously, and you may not be able to become the thirteenth ancestor witch of the Wu Clan in the future!"

Being selected by Lin Long as a disciple, Houyi's status in the Wu clan naturally increased.

In the original witch clan, except for the twelve ancestor witches who were conceived by Pan Gu's blood essence, no new ancestor witches would be born.

But Lin Long mastered the law of force, as long as Lin Long is willing, with a little effort, he can really create a new ancestor witch!

It was also Lin Long's intention to raise Hou Yi's status in the Wu Clan.

After all, Dihua is the princess of the Yaozu, and if they want to be together, they must be a good match.

If Houyi just went to join Dihua as an ordinary Wu Clan, then the Wu Clan and Yao Clan might have to fight directly.

This is not in line with Lin Long's purpose.

However, if Hou Yi is a senior member of the Wu Clan, and also a disciple of Lin Long, and then combines with Dihua, it is equivalent to the union of the senior leaders of the Wu Clan and the Yao Clan, similar to a marriage, Di Jun will definitely not object.

When the two clans join forces, it will not be so simple for Hongjun to calculate.


Under Lin Long's guidance, Hou Yi's cultivation also began to improve steadily.

And Lin Long arranged Hou Yi to do some things intentionally or unintentionally, and soon Hou Yi gained a reputation in the Wu clan.

Then Lin Long used the law of force to enhance Hou Yi's potential.

At this time, Hou Yi only needs some blood essence of the ancestor witch as a medium to completely transform into a new ancestor witch!

This kind of method made all the ancestor witches amazed.

You know, the twelve ancestor witches were born using Pangu's blood essence.

Now under Lin Long's operation, only the blood essence of twelve ancestor witches can give birth to one ancestor witch. Does this mean that the Lord Witch God has surpassed Pangu?

Of course, Lin Long didn't dare to say beyond Pangu, after all, he didn't compare with Pangu's real body.

The Pangu I met before was just a ray of evil thoughts.

Although Hou Yi has not yet become an ancestor witch, in the eyes of the twelve ancestor witches, Hou Yi is no different from an ancestor witch, and it is only a matter of time before he becomes an ancestor witch.

After all, it was cultivated by the Witch God.

In the eyes of the ancestor witches, Houyi's potential is deeper than those born ancestor witches like himself.

With Lin Long's teaching, all the ancestral witches were envious.

But Lin Long taught Hou Yi not only these.

In addition to practicing, Lin Long also helped Hou Yi to open the Yuanshen.

Time is fast and millennium again.

"Master, the disciple is here."

After thousands of years, Hou Yi lived up to Lin Long's careful teaching, and has entered the early stage of Daluo Jinxian. Among the younger generation of witches, he is temporarily unrivaled.

Even among the great witches of the older generation, they are still very strong.

As long as Hou Yi is given some more time, he will soon become the middle stage of Daluo Jinxian. At that time, the Twelve Ancestral Witches will follow Lin Long's wishes and use the essence and blood of the Twelve Ancestral Witches to help Hou Yi transform into the body of the Ancestral Witch.

Today's Hou Yi can be said to be a proper winner of Wu Sheng, and all this is because of Lin Long.

People in the Wu clan are pure in nature, so Hou Yi naturally respected Lin Long as his master to the extreme.

Lin Long looked at Hou Yi who entered the hall, and glanced at the talisman hanging on Hou Yi's waist.

I saw a slight traction from the talisman.

A smile appeared on the corner of Lin Long's mouth, thinking that the time is coming.

After thousands of years, Hou Yi grew into a strong young man.

At this time, Dihua should also become a slim girl.

All that's left is for the two to meet.

Counting with his fingers, a smile appeared on the corner of Lin Long's mouth. Sure enough, Dihua, the little princess of the demon clan, couldn't hold back her temper, and had already secretly traveled to the wilderness.

"Hou Yi, you are already in the early stage of Da Luo Jinxian, but you still need to practice a lot if you want to enter the middle stage of Da Luo Jinxian."

"In the Witch Clan, you don't have much experience."

"Go, travel to the prehistoric and follow the guidance of the heart."

When Lin Long spoke, Hou Yi nodded naturally, and said respectfully, "Yes, the disciple respectfully obeys the master's orders."


		