

"This seat allows you to go to the Dragon God Realm to nourish your heels, and it is not impossible to really transform into the best innate spiritual root in the future!"

Hearing Lin Long's words, Yuelao, who was originally disappointed, froze for a moment, and then immediately reacted, with ecstasy on his face: "Master Dragon God, are you serious?"

"If you don't want to, then it's as if I didn't say it."

After Lin Long finished speaking, Nayue Lao nodded quickly, for fear that Lin Long would regret it: "Yes, I am willing!"

This is a great opportunity!

Hearing Lin Long's refusal to give him a hint, he was hopeless, but he didn't expect the Dragon God to be willing to give him a better chance!

Compared with being enlightened, he would certainly hope for an improvement like a long stream of water nourishing his heels!

Although it will take longer this way, the benefits will be greater!

"As long as what you said, Lord Dragon God, is true, not to mention a few branches, even if you want to cut off my branches, little old man, I am willing!"

Yue Lao said incoherently, Lin Long waved his hand: "Okay, okay, what do you want to do with so many branches, since you are willing, I will give you a chance to relax, and I will use some means to transplant you. To the Dragon God Realm!"

The passage he left in Beihai was only for the people of the Dragon God Realm and his own disciples. Naturally, he didn't need to bother to enter the Dragon God Realm by himself.

Nayue Lao nodded, and his figure gradually merged into the marriage tree. The next moment, Lin Long's law was cast, and the space channel was formed instantly!

Lin Long directly transplanted the entire cliff, including the marriage tree, into the Dragon God Realm with tyrannical mana, and placed it at the entrance of the Dragon God Temple.

"Okay, come out, we've arrived at the Dragon God Realm."

Lin Long said to the Marriage Tree, in the Marriage Tree, Yuelao reappeared again, looked around, and found that the place was full of chaotic aura, and he was still on that cliff, but not far away, On the other hand, there is a grand palace with three big characters carved in seal: Dragon Temple.

Yuelao finally confirmed that he had come to Dragon God Realm, looking at Lin Long in front of him, Yuelao bowed again.

"Thank you, Lord Dragon God, for the opportunity. The little old man has nothing to repay, and I can only be grateful!"

Seeing Yuelao's appearance, Lin Long smiled and said: "Okay, you can practice here with peace of mind. If you can transform your feet, it can be considered that I have not wasted my efforts today."

"Yes! Don't worry, my lord, the little old man will live up to your expectations!"

In the harsh environment of Honghuang, Yuelao could practice until the late stage of Daluo. Now that this environment is full of chaotic aura, if he can't transform and follow his feet, he can just find a piece of tofu and kill himself.

Um, no, I am a tree, so I should just use it as firewood and burn it.

Lin Long waved his hand and said indifferently: "Okay, it's good for you to know in your own mind, so that you can practice well. With your existence, I will greet people in the Dragon God Realm. If I can really transform and follow my feet in the future, I will still have the opportunity to give Give you."

"Yes, thank you sir."

Yuelao was excited again, and he couldn't help looking forward to the opportunity Lin Long had mentioned.

This is the opportunity Lord Dragon God mentioned, and it is by no means a small reward.

After Yuelao was settled, Lin Long took the branches that Yuelao had cut off and returned to Honghuang.

For Yuelao, Lin Long was actually thinking about accepting disciples.

This guy is not well-known in the prehistoric world, but he was able to survive the Lich Tribulation and the Conferred God Tribulation, and even the Westward Journey Tribulation had no effect on him.

It can be said that he is a guy who knows how to judge the situation and has good luck.

If you cultivate it yourself, you will definitely be able to do it.

Compared with Zhao Gongming, Sanxiao and the six-eared macaque, they are no different.

And no matter whether there is a Heavenly Court or not in the future, Lin Long wants to get involved to ensure that everything is under his control, but he doesn't want to get involved too deeply, so Yue Lao is just right to be a pawn.

After many comparisons, Lin Long bestowed this opportunity.

Looking at the marriage tree branch in hand.

With a wave of Lin Long's hand, the law of cause and effect was like a carving knife, carving a large branch into two wooden talisman cards.

This thing has deliberately blessed itself with the law of cause and effect.

In addition to being able to protect the body, these two talisman cards can also attract each other.

At the same time, the opposite sex who wears the talisman will involuntarily have a good impression of the other party.

Fate and cause and effect are intertwined.

Of course, this is a matter of mutual choice. If the two parties are bitter and bitter, even wearing this talisman will not have this effect.

The power of cause and effect can only fuel the flames, but cannot go against the trend.

So this thing is not against God's will.

Looking at the two talisman cards, Lin Long suddenly remembered a fairy tale TV series he had watched in his previous life, The Legend of Sword and Fairy.

It seems that there is such a thing in it, and its effect is similar to mine.

Thinking of this, Lin Long suddenly felt a little bad taste.

After thinking about it, I added some other formations to this talisman.

For example, wearing a talisman at the same time can enhance the strength of both parties.

Can open a defensive array.

Well, it can also exclude other opposite sexes.

After adding a bunch of messy abilities, Lin Long nodded in satisfaction.

"Okay, the presents are ready, and with the ones prepared by Ao Yi, it will give Di Jun enough face."

Although the establishment of the small world of the Yaozu and Wuzu is secret, it is not a secret to powerful people like Lin Long and Hongjun.

Not to mention that Lin Long also has the pupil of the Dao, this kind of god-defying supernatural power can discover all the secrets at a glance, just say that the method of opening up the world was taught to them by Lin Long, if he can't find it, then he is really joking.

In less than a cup of tea, Lin Long arrived at the periphery of the Yaozu small world.

Lin Long didn't deliberately hide himself, as soon as he arrived outside the small world, Di Jun led a group of demon gods out to greet him.

"The Qingmu Dragon God is here, and the monster race is far away to welcome you. Please come from the Dragon God."

Di Jun's face was flushed, and he bowed his hands to Lin Long.

Lin Long nodded and followed Di Jun into the monster clan.

Not everyone in the monster clan had seen Lin Long before, and when they saw Lin Long at this time, many monster clan couldn't help whispering.

"This is that Cyanwood Dragon God, he looks so handsome!"

"It feels completely different from Daozu Hongjun, not as lofty as that, and seems very friendly."

"I heard that the method of opening up a small world for my monster clan was passed down by this Dragon God."

"So, this Cyanwood Dragon God and my monster clan still have kindness."

Kunpenggen was behind Di Jun and Lin Long, listening to the discussion of these monster races below, a smile appeared on the corner of his mouth.

"Even if these guys have foresight, if the Yaozu is really born in the future, letting you join Lord Dragon God will be considered as a way of life for you."

Kunpeng never forgot the task Lin Long gave him.

Now Kunpeng's prestige in the Yaozu is at the height of the sky, only under Dijun, and even on an equal footing with Taiyi.

The name of the demon master has become an indispensable position for the demon clan.

Lin Long followed Di Jun into the Monster Clan Hall, and after sitting down and chatting for a while, Lin Long explained his reason for coming.

"Your Majesty the Demon Emperor, I am here today to congratulate you."


		