

A flash of light flashed in Lin Long's mind, and he suddenly thought of what Hongjun wanted to make the East Prince and the West Queen Mother the head of the male and female immortals in the future.

Hongjun's sixth son did more than simply point out two people at random.

As for the reason, it is actually easy to explain.

The purpose is to completely stir up the dispute between the witch clan and the monster clan.

Before Hongjun appointed the head of the male fairies, although there were conflicts between the witch clan and the monster clan, the conflicts were not irreconcilable, and there was no real declaration of war on the bright side.

At most, they just looked at each other not pleasing to the eye.

But after the position of the head of the male fairy was sealed, the witch clan and the monster clan suddenly had a common enemy.

They are the Duke of the East and the Queen Mother of the West.

Both clans are prehistoric clans, why should they be controlled by your head of male and female immortals?

Under the oppression of these two great clans, it is inevitable that the Eastern King, the Duke, and the Western Queen Mother will have an accident.

The next question is, how to divide the fruits of victory?

The place to control the world has appeared, but who will do it for the witch clan and the monster clan?

You Monster Clan made a move, and the Witch Clan did the same, so why do you care about me?

Some things have not been clarified, and everyone can still turn a blind eye and close one eye, and take care of their own.

But when the position of the head of the male fairy appeared, it was inevitable to fight to the death!

Once this kind of thing starts, there is no possibility of stopping.

As for why Hongjun wanted to get rid of the Wuzu and Yaozu wholeheartedly.

Lin Long felt that the biggest possibility was that the witch clan and the monster clan were too strong and out of control, which was not conducive to Hongjun's control of the way of heaven and the spread of Taoism.

"Hehe, since Hongjun's calculations are so deep, it would be inappropriate for me not to get involved."

Lin Long thought for a while, then looked at Queen Mother Xi.

"Fellow Daoist, I have done some research on formations, so I can help you perfect formations. Even if the races in the West Sea want to trouble you, they won't be able to find them."

"You can take these fairies to live and practice quietly in the formation without being disturbed, what do you think?"

The Queen Mother of the West looked at Lin Long in surprise: "Fellow Daoist, can you still use formations?"

"Slight success." Lin Long said with a smile.

His statement is naturally modest.

In the prehistoric world, Lin Long's attainments in formation techniques were displayed, and he said he was second, but no one really dared to say he was first.

Even if it's just a clone, Lin Long dares to say that no one can break without Hongjun's old monsters.

After hearing this, Queen Mother Xi was obviously moved.

I know everything about myself, so I can only say that my formation skills are so-so, far from advanced.

If there is a profound secret formation, for the current self, it can really save a lot of trouble.

Lin Long put down the teacup, and the porcelain cup lightly hit the stone table. The next moment, a small formation appeared on the table.

I saw the formation patterns circulating around the formation, and countless Dao seals supported the formation.

With just a cursory glance, Queen Mother Xi has already discovered the triple magic of the formation.

Conceal the sky, isolate the outside world from detection, and gather spiritual energy.

"What an exquisite formation! Fellow Daoist, this is too modest!"

Queen Mother Xi was a little skeptical before, but now that Lin Long simply showed her hand, she was completely convinced!

In just one thought, such an exquisite formation can be arranged.

Queen Mother Xi knew that Lin Long's statement just now was absolutely modest, and her previous worries were also swept away.

With such a profound attainment in formations, it is not difficult to hide the Jiaolong clan. Lin Long can still sit so calmly, which can only show one thing, Lin Long is not trusting, but really sure.

"Before I didn't know that you were a master of formation, I was disrespectful and disrespectful."

Queen Mother Xi saluted again.

Lin Long smiled and waved his hands and said, "You don't have to be polite, fellow daoist. I just saw that fellow daoist is destined, so I wanted to help fellow daoist."

"As fellow daoist is so kind-hearted, if you help fellow daoist, you can be regarded as helping most of the female immortals in the West Sea."

"It's just that after setting up this formation, I hope fellow Taoists can keep their original intentions and don't get involved in the battle between the prehistoric and the wild. Just be a middle one, otherwise there will be a catastrophe."

Hearing what Lin Long said was serious, Queen Mother Xi nodded seriously.

"Fellow Daoist, don't worry, I will take all the female immortals from Xihai to hide from the world, and I won't cause chaos like Honghuang."

She still wished to stay away from these things, so why would she deliberately get involved in them.

Hearing this, Lin Long nodded in satisfaction, this is what he wanted.

The Queen Mother of the West already has a certain prestige among the fairies.

The position of the head of the female fairy, Hongjun can't seal whoever he wants.

If he hides the Queen Mother of the West by himself, then Hongjun will not be able to be the head of the female fairy, and he will have to think of a way if he wants to stir up disputes between the witch clan and the monster clan.

This invisibly slowed down Hongjun's rhythm.

Immediately, Lin Long was about to set up a formation in front of the Queen Mother of the West.

Suddenly, a shout came from outside the island.

"Who dares to threaten my Jiaolong clan!!! Come out and lead to death!"

"If you don't come out again, don't blame me for breaking this formation!!!"

When Lin Long heard the voice, a chill flashed in his eyes.

This group of flood dragons really came to their door!

When Queen Mother Xi heard these voices, she was a little flustered.

Listening to the sound, there is more than one flood dragon outside.

If it weren't for Lin Long being here, the Queen Mother of the West might have assembled her female fairies to find another place.

Lin Long smiled slightly: "Fellow Daoist, I just said that I want to help you set up formations. These flood dragons came just in time. I'll set them up for a while, let them attack and try."

Immediately, Lin Long looked around for a week, and finally his eyes fell on Queen Mother Xi's hairpin.

"Fellow Daoist, let me borrow this hairpin of yours!"

Queen Mother Xi froze for a moment, thinking that Lin Long was joking with herself.

But after seeing Lin Long's serious eyes, Queen Mother Xi knew that Lin Long was not joking.

Although she didn't know what Lin Long wanted the hairpin for, she still pulled the hairpin out of her hair and handed it to Lin Long.

Without the shackles of the hairpin, the smooth hair fell down all of a sudden.

Queen Mother Xi's pretty face flushed a little.

"Fellow Daoist, do you want this hairpin?"

Lin Long smiled indifferently: "Since we want to set up a formation for fellow daoists, of course we need something like a key. I can't let the control of the formation remain in my hands all the time."

After finishing speaking, I saw the hairpin in Lin Long's hand lightly tossed, and the next moment, the hairpin was hanging in the air.

A golden light flashed in Lin Long's eyes.

Infinite Array Dao Seals flashed and arranged in it.

In just a moment, a formation rune has been formed in the golden eyes.

After all, it is a clone, and it is impossible to really use the pupil of the Dao, but it can still be done by simply borrowing it.

In the Pupil of the Great Dao, the combination of formations is constructed, and the formations are more stable.

The next moment, the phantom of the formation centered on Lin Long, spread outwards, and completely covered the original formation of Queen Mother Xi in an instant!

At this time, the Jiaolong outside was already in a panic.

"I don't know how to live or die, since this is the case! Don't blame me for breaking the formation!"


		