

"Huh? Dragon God!"

In the darkness, there was a trace of astonishment in Zhulong's voice.

"But Aoki Dragon God!"

Candle Dragon shouted.

Lin Long didn't speak, and walked into the dark depths with the Jiao Mo Dynasty beside him.

In the eyes, mana flowed, and the scene in front of him became clear.

Soon, Lin Long saw a bruised woman at the end of the darkness hanging in the air by thick iron chains.

There were knife wounds of different depths on the wrists and thighs.

Some of the wounds had scabbed over, and some were still dripping blood.

Hearing the sound, Zhulong suddenly raised his head.

"You are the Aoki Dragon God?!"

Zhulong hesitated when he saw Taoist Mosquito's avatar, but he was sure when he saw the virtual image of the green dragon behind him.

It is estimated that it should be the clone of Lord Dragon God.

"Zhulong, I didn't expect it to be like this when we meet again."

Zhulong smiled miserably: "Yes, I didn't expect it to be like this."

Lin Long stepped forward and looked at the chains that hung Candle Dragon.

Candle Dragon is also the perfect state of Daluo Jinxian, and ordinary chains can't trap her.

This thing seems a little weird.

After taking a closer look, Lin Long finally confirmed that this thing was indeed as he thought, not Fantie.

Under the pupil of the Dao, there is a trace of aura flowing in the chain, and the material that looks like pig iron is actually transformed by the power of pure law.

On the chain, Lin Long felt a trace of Qinglong's spiritual power.

The words of the Flood Demon King are further confirmed in my heart.

"Being disturbed may hurt a little, let me let you out first."

As Lin Long said, he was ready to pull the chain.

Behind him, the Flood Demon King hesitated to speak.

Zhulong spoke at this moment: "Qingmu Dragon God, don't bother, this chain was forged by that bastard Qinglong with great painstaking efforts, even if a dozen or so big Luo Jinxians work together perfectly, they can't be opened."

"The key is only on Qinglong."

After being trapped here, Zhulong tried to get out more than once, but found that the chains locked his cultivation base tightly.

Lin Long ignored Zhu Long's words.

He looked at it casually, and then stretched out his hand.

A layer of dragon scales appeared on Lin Long's hands.

Then began to exert force continuously.

The chains began to rattle.

"what!!!"

Candle Dragon screamed in pain.

This chain is connected to her primordial spirit.

Even the slightest touch will cause extreme pain.

What's more, people like Lin Long want to forcibly crush the chains.

"It's useless, this chain will absorb my mana to resist the destruction of the outside world."

"Unless you can drain my mana in an instant, this thing cannot be destroyed."

Candle Dragon smiled bitterly.

"Qingmu Dragon God, it's better not to waste your efforts in vain, I have something to tell you, after you know, please, for the sake of the same clan, please give me a good time."

Years of torture made Zhulong think of dying.

Lin Long glanced at Zhulong lightly, and said: "First, I am the patriarch of the Dragon Clan now, you have to call me patriarch."

"Second, if you want to die, you can only die after I agree with you after I rescue you."

"Now, no matter how painful it is, hold back for me."

After finishing speaking, Lin Long stopped talking nonsense.

A powerful aura rose slowly from Lin Long's body.

All of a sudden, whether it was the Jiao Demon King or Zhulong, the eyes of Lin Long changed again and again.

At this moment, Lin Long seemed to have become a giant with his feet on the ground.

He was extremely small in front of Lin Long.

"This, how is this possible, he is just a Da Luo Jinxian consummation."

Because of the avatar, in Zhulong's eyes, Lin Long's realm is only perfected by Daluo Jinxian.

But at this time, the power exuded from Lin Long's body is definitely not what Da Luo Jinxian can have when he is complete.

Lin Long's hand was on the iron chain again.

"Break it!"

Lin Long let out a low shout, and his voice fell. The previously unbreakable chain was completely broken in two with Zhulong's painful scream!

With the first comes the second.

A total of six chains were torn off by Lin Long one by one.

The incomparably strong chains are as fragile as noodles in Lin Long's hands!

Break through all methods with one force.

It's the law of force.

Of course, Lin Long's grasp of the law of force has not yet reached that level.

What's more, it's just a clone.

But even if it is a clone, Qinglong cannot stop it with the help of some laws of force.

The chains on his body were torn off, and Zhulong's body was limp on the ground, his clothes were already wet with sweat, revealing his exquisite curves.

The Jiao Demon King behind him did not dare to raise his head, but only dared to lower his head, waiting for Lin Long's order.

Such beautiful scenery is for Lin Long to enjoy alone.

Backhanded, a ginseng fruit appeared in Lin Long's hand.

"Eat it."

Zhulong was also polite, took the ginseng fruit, nodded, and took a bite.

Ginseng fruit can supplement the longevity of mortals, but it can only play a healing role for immortals, especially the kind of Daluo Jinxian who has the same life span as heaven and earth.

Because of Hongyun, Lin Long had a lot of ginseng fruit in his hands.

After eating a piece of ginseng fruit, although Zhulong's spirit was still a little sluggish, his physical injuries had already healed a lot.

"Thank you, Long...Thank you, Patriarch, for saving me. Candle Dragon is very grateful."

Zhulong originally wanted to call Lin Long the Dragon God, but the next second he saw Lin Long's eyes, he changed his mind immediately.

In fact, Lin Long didn't care much about the position of the patriarch of the Dragon Clan.

But through this incident, Lin Long discovered that Zulong went to suppress karma, and the dragon clan fell into a state of leaderless dragons, and these small clans below began to have two minds.

No, not only the Xiao Clan, but even high-level dragon clans like Qinglong have other thoughts.

Not all dragons are willing to stay in Dragon God Realm with peace of mind, Lin Long understands.

But if you want to divide the Dragon Clan, this is absolutely impossible.

No matter in the Dragon God Realm or in the wild, the dragon clan is the dragon clan, there is no second!

Lin Long must bear the position of the patriarch of the Dragon Clan on his back.

Only in this way can those double-minded guys of the Dragon Clan dare not mess around.

The chain was torn off, and without energy supply, the chain on Zhulong's body also disappeared automatically.

Seeing that Zhulong could stand up, Lin Long asked, "Tell me, what's going on between you and Qinglong."

Zhulong and Qinglong were originally united to deal with him, so it stands to reason that they shouldn't have fallen into this situation.

There must be something hidden in it that I don't know about.

Zhulong supported his body and nodded.

"Patriarch Qi, Qinglong and I failed to challenge you back then, and returned to the prehistoric with some dragons who were unwilling to be in the Dragon God Realm."

"But not long after arriving in Honghuang, Qinglong and I discovered that in Honghuang, the speed of the dragon's practice will be suppressed by the way of heaven. Although it is not completely blocked, it is also extremely slow."

"For a while, many small clans who had previously had a feud with the Dragon Clan rushed over one after another, wanting to get a share of the Dragon Clan's pie."

"Although Qinglong and I try our best to resist, we are also at our wits' end."

"I wanted to ask the Dragon God Realm for help, but at this moment, Qinglong discovered that only dragons with pure bloodlines will be rejected by the prehistoric people, and these dragons will not be affected."

"Qinglong proposed to me the idea of ​​creating a clan of flood dragons to replace the clan of dragons."


		