

Taking the jade talisman given by Lin Long, Yun Xiao left the Dragon God Realm without stopping at all, and rushed directly to the tribe where the human race Fuxi was.

Standing on top of the cloud, Yunxiao looked at Fuxi below.

At this moment, Fuxi has no memory of being the Emperor Xihuang of the Yao Race in his previous life. He is just a pure human youth, dressed in animal skins, and looks like a native of the human race.

"This is Fuxi's reincarnation, that is, the future emperor of the human race. Master asked me to assist Fuxi to successfully ascend to the throne of emperor. How should I do it? I must have a plan."

Yun Xiao didn't act recklessly, but planned to make a plan first.

Looking at the jade talisman given by his master and the contents inside, Yun Xiao quickly guessed some key points.

"The master bestows all the technologies that can be achieved by manpower today. That is to say, if you want to bring the human race on the right track, you must use the power of the human race itself, and you cannot rely on magical powers."

"I can only guide from the side, so let's integrate into the human race first."

Yunxiao made up his mind, then pressed his head down and transformed into an old woman in her sixties or seventies.

Then, leaning on a cane, she staggered towards the tribe where Fuxi was.

As soon as they approached the tribe, some tribes discovered the old woman incarnated by Yunxiao.

The old woman looked thin and staggered, panting for three breaths with every step, she looked as if she hadn't eaten for many days and was going to be cold at any time.

That Fuxi noticed Yunxiao at a glance, stepped forward hurriedly, and supported Yunxiao.

"Old man, where did you come from, and how did you make it look like this?"

Yun Xiao tremblingly opened his mouth, arbitrarily arranging an identity, saying that his tribe was attacked by wild beasts, and he escaped taking advantage of the chaos, and hadn't eaten for several days.

As the future emperor, Fuxi was born with a heart of compassion. After listening to Yunxiao's life experience and confirming that Yunxiao was fine and that he was indeed a human race, he helped Yunxiao to his residence and prepared for Yunxiao. A lot of food.

Yunxiao has been observing Fuxi, and can't help but secretly nodded when he saw this, not to mention anything else, just because of Fuxi's sense of responsibility to the human race, he looks a bit like a future emperor.

Now that she had arranged for herself an identity, Yunxiao then passed on the knowledge to Fuxi in the name of her destroyed tribe.

As for why he turned into an old woman, the reason is also very simple.

Among the human race, experience is generally judged by age. The older the person, the knowledge and wisdom will increase with age.

The image of the old woman is more convincing.

Knowing Yunxiao's miserable life experience and Yunxiao's age, Fu Xi immediately decided to keep Yunxiao at his home and take care of him.

Yun Xiao naturally followed suit and settled down.

Soon, the two became acquainted with each other, and the people of Yunxiao and Fuxi's tribe gradually became familiar with each other.

Coupled with the ideas and technologies that Yunxiao helped the tribe put forward from time to time, the people in the tribe respected the old woman Yunxiao more and more.

Gradually, people in the tribe like to ask Yunxiao for help with any matter.

Fuxi's tribe is also quietly changing because of Yunxiao.

Time passed quietly, and in the blink of an eye, it was already two years later.

The tribe is still as usual, it's time to hunt and hunt, and it's time to catch fish. Suddenly, an immortal Taoist appeared in front of the tribe.

As soon as this Taoist appeared, he attracted the attention of the entire tribe.

There's no way, it's because this Taoist's outfit is too eye-catching and pretentious.

In this era when all human races were wearing animal skins, a spotless man in a golden Taoist robe suddenly appeared, and he was full of immortal energy. Everyone knew that this was definitely not an ordinary person.

The person who came was none other than Guang Chengzi who was ordered by Yuanshi Tianzun to teach the Emperor!

Because before leaving, a group of brothers and sisters pulled Guangchengzi to celebrate, so Guangchengzi came a little late.

Immortals came to the tribe, and the human race naturally wanted to entertain them warmly.

At the dinner, Guang Chengzi also showed his identity to the crowd.

Under the sect of the sages of interpretation and teaching, the head of the Twelve Golden Immortals, Guang Chengzi!

Guang Chengzi bit his name very hard, for fear that people would not remember it.

However, the human race doesn't seem to be too cold about Guangchengzi's identity as a disciple of the sage.

After all, because of the relationship between Lin Long and Nuwa, the human race's understanding and awe of saints is almost zero.

They honor only the Father and the Virgin!

Therefore, after listening to Guang Chengzi's introduction, everyone in the family just looked at each other, said a few polite words, and stopped asking questions, which made Guang Chengzi feel a little embarrassed.

I have already introduced my identity, disciples of the sages, how dare you even flatter me... No, don't you give me this little respect?

Really unbearable!

As a highly respected old man and think tank in the tribe, Yun Xiao was naturally invited and recommended to Guang Chengzi.

"Shangxian, this is an elder in our clan, and he has a high reputation in the tribe. The tribe has relied on him for the past two years, and many newborn babies have survived."

Some people opened their mouths and introduced to Guang Chengzi.

However, Guang Chengzi glanced at Yun Xiao contemptuously, and said indifferently: "The law of mortals is insignificant."

The simple eight words directly erased Yun Xiao's two years of achievements.

Fuxi frowned, not to mention what this immortal is capable of, but looking at it now, it must be difficult to get along with him.

Fuxi even faintly felt that the other party didn't take the human race seriously.

This made Fuxi, who was a human race, very unhappy.

But due to the identity of the other party, the human race in the tribe still endured this displeasure.

Everything is focused on the development of the human race!

Guang Chengzi now only has the cultivation base of the peak Taiyi Golden Immortal, while Yun Xiao has already cultivated to the quasi-sage realm. The difference between the two is so great that Yun Xiao even showed some flaws standing in front of Guang Chengzi. Guangcheng Zileng didn't find out.

After all, as a fairy, if you think about it a little bit, how could an ordinary mortal, who was unknown before, cause such a big change in a tribe in just two years?

It's a pity that Guang Chengzi didn't notice Yun Xiao's flaw.

In his opinion, the human race is all ants, and they are not worthy of the eyes of a fairy like him.

And Yun Xiao looked at this idiot who was self-righteous, so of course he would not take the initiative to expose his identity.

The relationship between her master Lin Long and Yuanshi Tianzun is not harmonious. Although she and Guang Chengzi both came to teach the Emperor, they have different methods and different positions, so they are still competitors.

Just keep quiet and do your own thing.

She didn't directly attack Guang Chengzi, after all, she didn't know if Lin Long had any back-ups, and she didn't want to ruin Lin Long's affairs because of herself.

Now that there are two Masters of the Human Emperor, when Fuxi is recognized by humanity, it will depend on which one can be recognized by humanity.

The merits of the position of the Master of the Human Sovereign are not so easy to get, you have to work hard.

The old woman transformed into Yunxiao sat aside, and began to think about how to let Fuxi understand more technologies and promote the development of the human race.

As for Guang Chengzi, he frowned again as he watched some of the dishes served by the Fuxi Tribe.

Except for some raw meat, the rest of these dishes are some wild fruits, and the quantity is not too much.

"Shangxian, please enjoy. Shangxian came late today. We and the rest of the clan have not returned from hunting. There is not much food left. Please forgive me."

Hearing this, Guang Chengzi's eyes lit up, and he thought to himself, isn't this opportunity coming?

"What should I do? It's just food. Wait for me to get it with the method of ingestion!"

After all, Guang Chengzi was about to make a formula to use his supernatural powers.

On the side, Yun Xiao also had an idea in his heart.

"If the human race wants to develop, it must have a stable enough food source!"

Teaching a man to fish is worse than giving him a fish!


		