

Zhulong introduced what happened on the side, but Lin Long just listened quietly without interrupting.

I heard that Qinglong wants to create a family of dragons to replace the dragon family.

Lin Long only raised his brows lightly.

Qinglong's idea is too whimsical, is the Dragon Clan so easy to replace?

After thinking about it, Lin Long understood the reason.

Qinglong didn't really want to replace the Dragon Clan, but wanted to create the Jiaolong Clan, once again stirring up the situation in the prehistoric world, forcing the Dragon Clan to be involved in the war again.

In this way, the dragon clan has the possibility to dominate the prehistoric world again.

Instead of only being in the Dragon God Realm under his own leadership like now.

"Go on, and then, why are you trapped here?" Lin Long looked at Zhulong and asked.

Zhulong smiled miserably: "The dragon clan under my command, and I, did not agree with Qinglong's approach."

"It is correct to think that the dragon clan is developing steadily now. Going back to the prehistoric and fighting for hegemony will only generate greater karma."

"Qinglong and I had a big dispute."

"At first, I thought it was because we parted ways, but I didn't expect Qinglong to secretly unite with some subordinate clans of the dragon clan in the past, kill all the dragon clans under me, and trap me here, collecting blood every day to create dragons!"

Zhulong gritted his teeth, his eyes were full of hatred.

How can I say that I am also the highest level of the Dragon Clan, Qinglong dares to humiliate himself like this.

Lin Long looked at Zhulong: "Do you know where Qinglong is now?"

Calculating the time, it has been nearly ten thousand years since Zhulong and Qinglong left the Dragon God Realm with their dragon clan. If it is true as Zhulong said, it is absolutely impossible to create only as few dragons as Xihai.

But there was no rumor of Jiaolong making trouble in Honghuang.

This seems a little weird.

Zhulong shook his head: "I've been trapped here, Qinglong never came here, just let these ants take blood every day."

"Counting it, I haven't seen Qinglong for thousands of years."

Lin Long nodded, and turned his eyes to the Flood Demon King who was beside him.

"Reporting to Lord Dragon God, I don't know, Qinglong Patriarch hasn't contacted us for a long time."

It seems that Qinglong has really figured out something, otherwise it would be impossible to hide himself again.

"Okay, I almost know the situation, Zhulong, what are your plans for the future?"

Candle Dragon was silent.

If possible, she would like to stay in Honghuang.

But there is no hope of practicing in the wild.

However, if she returned to the Dragon God Realm, what happened before would really make her a little embarrassed, and her face would burn into panic.

Lin Long saw through Zhulong's thoughts, and said, "Since you have nowhere to go now, let me arrange it."

Zhulong looked up at Lin Long: "How does the patriarch plan to arrange me?"

"It seems that most of these dragons on the Great Desolation are created by your blood. You can gather these dragons together. You can't let them wander around and do evil, and you can't let them have two hearts towards the dragons, let alone corrupt them. The reputation of the Dragon Clan."

"But if Qinglong makes trouble again..."

Candle Dragon was a little worried.

"I will teach you the current practice of the Dragon Clan. I think it will not take long before you can go a step further."

"At that time, Qinglong will not be your opponent."

"What!" Zhulong was startled.

I have already reached the consummation of Daluo Jinxian, and I can go even further.

Glancing at the Flood Demon King at the side, the Flood Demon King immediately understood.

Knowing that this was not something he could hear, he hurriedly bowed his head and exited.

After the Jiao Demon King left, Lin Long looked at Zhulong, and his aura gradually dissipated.

Zhulong's eyes gradually changed from initial curiosity to horror!

"This, how is this possible!"

The same Da Luo Jinxian was consummated, but the aura on Lin Long's body was so suppressed that he couldn't even lift his head.

At this time, Lin Long said again: "This is just a clone of this seat, and my current state is already above the consummation of Daluo Jinxian."

"If it weren't for that, it wouldn't be able to help you break the chains of Qinglong."

"Above the Daluo Jinxian, what realm is that?"

"Honghuang doesn't have a fixed name yet, so let's just call him a quasi-sage."

Zhulong was greatly shocked in his heart, never thought that there would be a realm above the Daluo Jinxian realm.

However, in the next second, Lin Long told Zhulong an even more exciting news.

"Golden Immortal of Great Principle's consummation may still be top-notch combat power in the present prehistoric world, but I can tell you that in the Dragon God Realm, it is not so rare to have a perfected Golden Immortal of Great Principle. There are more than ten fingers."

Now on Dragon God Island, Lin Long's Dragon God Way has been thoroughly spread and become a standard practice method.

Some clansmen even deduced the one that suits them according to the method taught by Lin Long.

Lin Long estimates that there must be at least twenty or so monks in the perfect realm of Daluo Jinxian.

You must know that in the entire prehistoric world today, on the bright side, only Di Jun, Lao Tzu and others are in the perfect state of Daluo Jinxian.

The rest is not to say none, but very few.

If Lin Long really wanted to fight for the prehistoric world, with these people in his hands now, he could easily overthrow the prehistoric world.

Too bad it doesn't make sense.

Because once Hongjun or himself has reached the realm of Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian, who will be the overlord of this world is just a matter of two words.

How sad, and how realistic.

Zhulong stared blankly at Lin Long, and didn't relax for a long time.

So many Da Luo Jinxians are consummated!

Is the Dragon Clan so powerful now?

No, isn't he worthless as a Da Luo Jinxian?

There was a wry smile on Zhulong's face.

The only possibility that I can take out now is this cultivation level.

As a result, Lin Long still told her that his cultivation was worthless in the Dragon God Realm.

Zhulong finally understood what a wrong decision it was to leave Dragon God Realm.

If he still stayed in the Dragon God Realm, he might be able to break through to a higher level like Lin Long.

Without waiting for Zhulong to hesitate, Lin Long said again.

"I can teach you the cultivation method, or I can take you back to the Dragon God Realm, but there is a prerequisite for this."

Lin Long raised his hand and slowly drew a rune in the void with his fingers.

"This is the Dao contract, sign the Dao contract, and you will still be a member of the Dragon Clan in the future."

Zhulong has already betrayed himself once.

It was impossible for Lin Long to trust her unreservedly.

Besides, his identity had to be kept secret, the Flood Demon King was just an ant that could be crushed to death, so he had to deal with it when the matter was over.

And the ants have two minds.

But Zhulong is the high-end combat power of the Dragon Clan after all.

In the past, he was also a senior member of the Dragon Clan, so it was a pity to kill him like this.

Lin Long can give her a chance.

But she already knew some of her secrets, if the contract was not signed, Lin Long would have no choice but to let her stay here forever.

Zhulong looked at the contract, and then at Lin Long.

"Okay, I'm willing to sign."


		