

After watching the group of youngsters leave, Lin Long also silently replayed the fight against Yuanshi Tianzun just now.

It looked as if he was crushing the whole process, but that was because he took the opportunity to make a sneak attack, using the law of time and Sanguang Shenshui to catch Yuan Shi by surprise.

But even so, Yuanshi Tianzun dodged the first attack.

It can be seen that the opponent's strength is far higher than his own.

Once his second attack fails, it's hard to say what will happen next.

Of course, the reason why Lin Long dared to sneak attack is also because he detected the result of the attack in advance with the magical power of anti-knowing the future.

To ensure that there will be no accidents, you can do it!

"In the final analysis, the hard power is still not enough. I have been going smoothly before, and I am a little relaxed. Now even if my strength reaches the Daluo Jinxian, there are still many great talents in the prehistoric world who are much stronger than me."

Although the Yuanshi Tianzun was beaten to the top of Sanhua by himself with the Sanguang Shenshui, but with Sanqing's ability, there must be a way to recover.

Once the cultivation base is restored, Yuanshi Tianzun will definitely come to trouble him. Sanqing has not turned against him at present, and what he will face at that time will be the big boss of the three Daluo Jinxian in the later stage.

"It's numb, it's really numb, it's really a person sitting on the island, and the disaster comes from the sky! Can't you let me practice on the island with peace of mind?"

Lin Long sighed, and now there was a problem in front of him.

Although the location of Sanxian Island has not been completely exposed, but with the incident of Yuanshi Tianzun, there will be creatures who will come to investigate.

Besides, Yuanshi Tianzun will definitely not let it go!

You must leave this place yourself!

But he didn't want to give up on Sanxian Island!

The best way now is to remove Sanxian Island and find a suitable place to resettle it!

However, this matter is very time-consuming, after all, the three fairy islands are too huge!

If during this period, Yuanshi Tianzun recovered from his injury and found himself again, it would be a big trouble.

After thinking about it for a while, Lin Long decided to deduce it first.

There are golden fingers, so don't use them for nothing.

[You used your supernatural powers to know the future, and chose to stay in Sanxian Island to continue to practice in seclusion, but the way to practice lies in understanding, and the accumulation has not reached the bottleneck, so your practice is half the result with twice the effort, and the progress for thousands of years is weak]

[You used your magical powers to know the future, and chose to move away from Sanxian Island and find another place, but Sanxian Island is full of aura, so you can't use the technique of transportation, so you can only lift it up forcibly. For three thousand years, your flying speed was slow, and you didn't No suitable placement found]

Seeing the prompt that appeared, Lin Long frowned slightly. Why is this co-authoring a dead end?

Thousands of years are enough for Yuanshi Tianzun to heal all the injuries.

Feeling a little bored in his heart, Lin Long's method of knowing the future has not stopped, and a series of future possibilities appeared in his mind.

Suddenly, one of the prompts made Lin Long stunned for a moment.

[You used your magical powers to know the future, and began to try to collect the Sanxian Island into the Chaos Orb. Although the Chaos Orb was damaged, the space it contained had not been reduced. Xiandao, the aura on the island seems to be more intense, and the aura has also begun to transform into a chaotic aura]

"Received in the Chaos Orb! Why didn't I think of this before!"

Lin Long was overjoyed. Before that, he had always used the Chaos Orb as a protective formation, but he ignored the chaotic space of this thing. The chaotic aura in it is rich, nourishing the Chaos Orb with the aura of Sanxian Island, and at the same time using the Chaos Orb to transform Sanxian Island. It can be said that they complement each other!

"Chaos Orb!"

With Lin Long's backhand, the Chaos Orb jumped into the air, and finally hovered directly above Sanxian Island.

The next moment, a chaotic breath burst out from the chaotic orb.

Almost a moment later, Sanxian Island was enveloped in it.

With the receding of the chaotic atmosphere, Sanxian Island, which was originally floating on the sea, has disappeared.

And the Chaos Orb once again became a gray bead and landed in Lin Long's palm.

Holding the Chaos Orb in his hand, Lin Long closed his eyes to sense it, and sure enough, he saw Sanxian Island floating in the space of the Chaos Orb.

The traces of chaotic atmosphere constantly nourished Sanxian Island, and the spiritual roots on the island were not affected at all, and even showed signs of thriving.

And the spiritual energy on Sanxian Island also slowly spread along the chaotic space, and began to nourish the broken places of the chaotic beads.

"Sure enough, there is no problem. This is much more convenient. I carry the Chaos Orb with me, which is equivalent to carrying Sanxian Island with me!"

"After a long time, maybe the Sanxian Island can be transformed into a treasure like Fan Tianyin under the nourishment of the chaotic atmosphere. Whoever is unhappy, just throw the three fairy islands out and smash him to death!"

Lin Long is in a good mood.

After solving the matter of Sanxian Island, it's time for me to travel around.

After all, in the way of practice, it is not advisable to blindly build a car behind closed doors, and I don't have any system to sign in or choose in the dojo. It is just a dream to become invincible by relying on it!

"When I used To Know the Future before, I already knew that the accumulation was not enough, and I hadn't reached the bottleneck yet, so I simply traveled to the wilderness, and I could find some treasure opportunities by the way."

If there are many treasures in the prehistoric world, apart from Sanxian Island, it must be Mount Buzhou.

As the place transformed by Pan Gu's spine, there must be many good things.

Immediately, Lin Long put away the Chaos Orb, looked around, knowing the future, and then activated it.

[You are going to travel, but the road is dangerous, and you don't want to get involved in disputes, so you used the magical power of anti-knowledge to the future]

[One hundred and two thousand miles to the east, there is a formation restriction, but it has been occupied by the Feng Clan, the dispute is beginning to emerge, you chose to give up and take a detour]

[210,000 miles to the east, a thunder calamity is surging, and it seems that there are living beings crossing the calamity]


The location of Buzhou Mountain is about a million miles to the east. Lin Long used his knowledge of the future to list all the dangers he might encounter along the way.

"There are many disputes over the distance of one million miles. It seems that we have to make a detour."

Lin Long didn't mind taking a detour. After all, if you go straight to the east, you will encounter a fight, and this kind of fight has no benefits at all. Therefore, he doesn't mind spending a little more time walking. He would rather take a longer detour and put safety first.

But at this moment!

There was a loud shout, and it sounded suddenly!

"I am the Demon Whale King of the Eastern Sea. This place is under my jurisdiction. There was a Baoguang Cave here just now, but what happened? Tell me the truth!"

I saw the sea below was turbulent. I don't know when, a huge monster with fish gills on its face and holding a trident came out of the sea.

Seeing this, Lin Long immediately reacted.

When I used my future-defying magical ability before, I found a sea monster nearby, and I didn't plan to deal with it at first, but I didn't expect that it was now coming to the door.

"This old boy's reaction is a bit slow. It's been so long since the battle between me and Yuan Shi that he just remembered."

Lin Long shook his head secretly. He didn't intend to have any contact with the Demon Whale King, after all, it would be of no benefit even if he did it.

However, the Demon Whale King looked at Lin Long's reaction, and shouted loudly: "Boy, did you hear what this king said? Did you see anything unusual? Tell me the truth!"

Obviously, this guy is also a domineering master!

"All creatures in the prehistoric world are indeed like this. The former Yuanshi Tianzun and the current Demon Whale King are all arrogant and domineering!"

Lin Long thought of this, but suddenly a smirk came to his heart.

"Hmph, it's really ridiculous, but it's just an evil obstacle born of dampness, dare to yell in front of my Yuanshi Tianzun!"

Lin Long burst into the mouth: "My Yuanshi Tianzun is one of the three Qings. It is my good fortune to take some opportunities in your land this time, and let you be responsible for some of Pangu's father gods. If you dare to make noise again, I will take it!" My dog's life!"

I have to say that Lin Long's imitation of Yuanshi Tianzun's tone is really vivid.

Sure enough, when the Demon Whale King heard this, he was stunned for a moment, and then jumped violently by the angry three corpse gods.

"It turns out that you are the Yuanshi of the Sanqing Dynasty. You claim to be the authentic Pangu, but you are so shameless. Today, the king wants to learn the methods of your authentic Pangu!"

With a wave of the Demon Whale King's trident, a huge wave was set off in an instant, sweeping towards Lin Long.

However, Lin Long remained unmoved and split the waves with his palm.

"Inferior things are also worthy of fighting with Wu Yuanshi. I took the treasure away, so don't get entangled. If you don't accept it, you might as well go to Kunlun Mountain to find me!"

After all, Yufeng Liuyun spread out, Lin Long turned into a breeze, and disappeared into the sky in the blink of an eye.

Although the Demon Whale King in the sea was powerful, he was not good at speed. He couldn't catch up with him at all, so he could only jump like a thunder behind him.

"Yuanshi, you are in vain to be the authentic Pangu, and you are so confident in searching for treasures in my land. I will definitely spread this matter, so that all living beings in the prehistoric world will know your face in Yuanshi!"


		