

In an instant, the formation was completed.

The Jiaolong outside seemed to be unable to wait any longer.

With a loud roar, the Queen Mother of the West's Immortal Island roared and shook continuously.

Seeing the might of the flood dragon, the Queen Mother of the West couldn't help but feel a little worried.

"Fellow Daoist, it seems that the one who came this time is not an ordinary flood dragon. Are you really sure?"

It wasn't that Queen Mother Xi talked too much, but because of Lin Long's formation at this moment, the evil dragon had been completely enraged.

Once the formation is broken, it's not just as easy to say as before.

It is possible to kill all kinds of people. If that is the case, the Queen Mother of the West thinks that she might as well agree to be a Taoist couple and get married, so as to save all the fairies on the island.

Lin Long wasn't nervous at all, he didn't even look at Queen Mother Xi, he just said calmly.

"Don't worry, Fellow Daoist, the formation has been set up, you watch patiently, just in time to familiarize yourself with the manipulation of this formation."

As Lin Long said, the hand formula changed again.

The formation that was emitting golden light before seemed to be not very solid, but it shook slightly.

Outside the formation, hundreds of flood dragons stood outside, shouting constantly.

"Okay! Since you're so stubborn, let's end it today. A group of female fairies, what else do you want to stir up troubles in the West Sea? Hmph! Killing you today will save you from joining other forces when the time comes, which will only increase your troubles." !"

The leading evil dragon has already moved to kill.

I saw that evil Jiao suddenly pulled out a big ring knife from nowhere.

On the blade, traces of baleful air circulated, obviously it was a spiritual treasure tempered with baleful energy.

As soon as the ring knife was held in his hand, it immediately buzzed.

The soaring blood fiend spread over it.

The bright red evil spirit dyed the sky blood red.

The ashram, which was originally under a clear sky, now seems to be the end of the day, making people feel depressed.

"It's over, this time it's really doomed, the Flood Demon King will do it himself, our formation can't stop it!"

"What's going on, Sister Xiwangmu, why are you going to confront the Jiaolong clan all of a sudden?"

"Hey, under the blessing of my sister for so many years, is it still impossible to escape?"

On the island, all the fairies showed ashen faces.

There are also some female fairies whose eyes become completely firm and even decisive after the initial despair.

Lin Long saw all this in his eyes.

Beside her, Queen Mother Xi grabbed the corner of her clothes nervously.

"Fellow Daoist, take a closer look at these female fairies on your island. They are not completely incapable of fighting. They are just driven to a desperate situation because they are greedy for comfort. They are not as miserable as you think."

"Since you have taken this seat, there are certain things that must be done, and only you can do them."

Lin Long's tone was flat, but he was actually teaching Queen Mother Xi how to use the group of female fairies under her command.

Queen Mother Xi hadn't noticed that the people under her were stronger than she thought.

Even, if it is really mobilized, it may be the strongest force in the West Sea.

What Lin Long had to do was to let the Queen Mother of the West take the seat of the head of the fairies before Hongjun's imperial conferment.

At the same time, it can be isolated from the outside world.

Only in this way can he really cause trouble for Hongjun.

After listening to Lin Long's words, Queen Mother Xi seemed to realize something.

But in the next moment, the terrifying knife light outside the formation attracted all her attention.

boom! ! !

The sword light and the formation barrier collided together.

The next moment, the sky and the earth shook, and the light of the knife flickered.

The fairies on the island couldn't help covering their ears when they heard the piercing sound.

Queen Mother Xi stared at the formation in the sky, her eyes full of worry.

"Hmph! Just a mere array, but also want to block my dragon clan!"

"Give it to me, broken!"

click.

Following the Flood Demon King's low shout, the formation barrier in the sky was really glass-like, cracking in all directions.

This made the Flood Demon King even more excited, and the strength in his hand also became stronger.

"Hahaha! Break the formation in a while, little ones, the fairy on the island, let you use it!"

"Hahaha, the king is mighty!"

Click!

There was another crisp sound.

In the sky, the golden fluorescent barrier turned into dots of golden light and sprinkled down.

Queen Mother Xi closed her eyes in disappointment, took a deep breath, and was about to step forward.

It was obvious that he was planning to sacrifice himself in exchange for the safety of these fairies on the island.

"Hahaha, how about it, just say that this formation can't stop me!"

The Demon King Jiao laughed.

The Queen Mother of the West appeared in front of her and said, "Demon King Jiao, I am willing to marry your Jiaolong clan, can you let my sisters on the island go?"

"Sister Queen Mother Xi! No!"

"Sister, we would rather die with you!"

"We fought this group of evil dragons!"

The fairy on the island was very excited.

At this time, Lin Long suddenly said: "Fellow Daoist, what's the hurry, they haven't come in yet."

Queen Mother Xi was taken aback.

Didn't come in? This formation is broken, so people can enter if they want to?

Suddenly, Queen Mother Xi realized something was wrong.

Hairpin!

The hairpin as the key to the formation has not been destroyed!

If the formation is really broken, the key should also be broken!

"Hmph! Kid, I don't know who you are, but I remember you!"

"You want me to come in? Then I will come in now, and I will be the first to kill you!"

The Jiao Demon King had a vicious expression on his face.

Lin Long didn't even bother to look at it.

Afterwards, the Flood Demon King stepped forward.

The next moment, a counter-shock force appeared.

The forward force of the Flood Demon King returned to him with dozens of times more force.

boom!

The Flood Demon King, who was invincible one moment, was instantly sent flying hundreds of miles under the force of the shock the next moment.

It even smashed a large area of ​​Jiaolong tribe into the air!

There were endless screams.

The sudden situation made everyone present stunned.

"Here, what's going on here?"

"Isn't the formation already broken? Why is this happening?"

"No! Take a closer look, there seems to be a formation above!"

The Queen Mother of the West also reacted at this moment, and quickly looked at the sky, only to see that above the sky, different from her golden formation, a light mask like thin wings shrouded her dojo.

If you don't look carefully, you won't be able to tell that there is a formation in it.

"Could it be that what I just broke was the formation I arranged before?"

Queen Mother Xi reacted.

Just now she was disappointed with Lin Long's formation. She seemed to believe in the wrong person. The Demon King broke through the formation without much effort.

But looking at it now, that's not the case at all.

The formation that others arranged for me has not even exerted its effect yet.

"Looking for death, no matter how many formations you have for protection today, I will go in and kill you!"

A roar came from the mouth of the Jiao Demon King.

The Dahuan Dao in his hand glowed fiercely again.

The sharp knife light cuts the space into cracks.

The Jiao Demon King swung his blade fiercely, and a blade light that stretched for dozens of miles slammed down towards the dojo.

boom!

"what!!!"

A scream was heard clearly in everyone's ears.

The smoke and dust dissipated, only to see that the left arm of Jiao Demon King had disappeared.

But the formation was intact.

"Hmph, trying to break through the formation, I'm overwhelmed."

ps: The Jiao Demon King here is not the same as the Jiao Demon King in Journey to the West.


		