

Soon, Lin Long informed the Wu Clan that Houtu had a chance to become holy.

Hearing that my little sister could become a saint, the ancestor witches were all excited.

"Remember, you must follow what I said. When the conditions have not been met, even if Hongjun himself promises, he must not trigger the cause and call out the tunnel."

Lin Long said, and Houtu nodded seriously: "Don't worry, Lord Wushen, Houtu understands."

Afterwards, Lin Long didn't stay in the Wu Clan too long because he brought Nuwa with him. He just told Houtu the method of proving the Tao, ordered a few words casually, and then turned and left.

It is expected that at this time, Hongjun should have little time to take care of the affairs of the Wu clan.

However, this was the first time Lin Long had made a mistake when traveling through the prehistoric times.

In Zixiao Palace, Hongjun has already started a new round of planning.

"With Lin Long around, it's definitely impossible to advance the Heaven and Earth Measurable Tribulation steadily."

"That being the case, awakening humanity and authenticity in advance is also a way to improve cultivation."

If he dares to do this, he naturally has the means to suppress the heavenly saint and the authentic saint!

After thinking about it, Hongjun took a deep breath, straightened his mind, and immediately went to the small world of the Wu Clan.


"It's all right now, my witch clan also has the method of sanctification! Now, I don't have to worry about danger!"

In the Pangu Hall, after Lin Long left, all the witches were obviously in a good mood.

Once there is a saint, it is equivalent to having a weapon of mass destruction. The important thing is that having a saint will also be a deterrent!

To deter those who dare to covet the witch clan!

In this way, the witch race can develop steadily without worrying about the intrusion of other races.

Just when all the ancestral witches were gearing up happily, a figure quietly descended outside the Pangu Hall.

"I am Hongjun. I came to the Wu Clan to look for the Houtu Ancestral Witch. Please show up and see the Houtu Ancestral Witch."

Relying on his status, Hongjun naturally couldn't break into the Pangu Hall by force, but he thought that he was giving the Wu Clan a chance, so he stood outside the Pangu Hall openly, waiting for the ancestors to see him.

Although everyone knows that the Wu Clan is under Lin Long's command, he is the Taoist ancestor after all!

As the sound spread into the Pangu Hall, all the ancestor witches were stunned for a moment.

"What's the situation? The news that my little sister can become a saint has spread so quickly? Why is Hongjun here?"

"I'll go out and have a look. After all, it is Daozu Hongjun, who is on an equal footing with Lord Wushen, so I can't neglect him."

The door of the Pangu Hall opened, and the thirteen ancestral witches walked out of the hall one after another and stood in front of Hongjun.

Seeing that Houyi was there, Hongjun suddenly thought of some bad things, his face changed slightly, but he quickly adjusted again, and regained his appearance of a kind Taoist.

At this time, Di Jiang also stepped forward, cupped his hands at Hongjun and said, "The Taoist ancestor came, and I waited a long way to meet him, please forgive me, but I don't know what the ancestor came here this time?"

They were loyal to Lin Long, so they naturally didn't want to chat with Hongjun too much. If they were not worried that the old guy would tear his face and attack the Wu Clan, they would not even want to talk to Hongjun.

Hongjun also ignored them not saluting to him, and immediately said with a smile: "Hehe, I came here this time to give a chance to the ancestral witch of the future land!"

"A chance?"

A group of ancestral witches looked at each other with strange expressions in their eyes.

This is really the first time in history that Hongjun, who is a deadly enemy with Lord Wushen, will come to give him a chance!

Although he knew it was weird, Di Jiang, who was the leader of the ancestral witches, still asked patiently: "Dare to ask Zu, what chance do you have to send it to the younger sister Houtu?"

Hongjun flicked his whisk, didn't notice the strangeness in the eyes of the ancestor witches at all, and said to himself: "Hehe, I'm here to give the ancestor witch of Houtu the method of sanctification!"

After saying this, the group of ancestral witches were all silent, you look at me, I look at you, and wonder why this happened so coincidentally?

Lord Wushen had just left and told everyone how to become a holy ancestor of Houtu Wu. As a result, Daozu Hongjun rushed to say that he would give him a chance to become a saint.

If Hongjun could come earlier, all the ancestor witches would be very happy.

But now, Lord Wushen has informed of the method of sanctification, and also specifically told Hongjun not to lead out of the tunnel even if he promised himself, this is clearly to guard against Hongjun!

From the looks of it, there's nothing good about this old thing.

But they didn't say much, but looked at Hongjun like a joke: "Dare to ask the ancestor, what method is it? Please tell the ancestor."

"It's not right, why are the people of the Wu clan not excited at all?"

Seeing that the ancestral witches were not as excited as he imagined, Hongjun couldn't help but frowned slightly, thinking to himself: "Could it be that they think they can kill three corpses to prove the way?"

"Hmph, if it wasn't for dealing with Lin Long, would you want to become a saint even with this attitude of not seeking to make progress? Just dream!"

"Forget it, it's just cultivating a saint puppet, and it's not a real saint. It's better to increase the strength requirement as soon as possible."

Hongjun's expression remained unchanged, his thoughts turned, and then he took a deep breath and said, "This method is simple to say, but it requires the Houtu Ancestral Witch to abandon his identity as an Ancestral Witch and become the Six Realms of Reincarnation. The Word is sanctified."


After Hongjun finished speaking, all the ancestor witches fell into deathly silence.

Now, this kind of reaction made Hongjun even more confused.

"What's going on with this group of ancestral witches and witches? They didn't even feel surprised when they heard about such a big event. Could it be that they were so surprised that they didn't even respond?"

Hongjun thought to himself.

However, before he could open his mouth to ask, Di Jiang lowered his head and asked in a dull tone: "Do you really mean what Daozu said?"

"Of course it's true, I am the ancestor of Taoism, how can I make a joke about this?"

Hongjun nodded. Just as he was about to continue speaking, he suddenly saw Di Jiang raised his head with anger on his face: "Okay! All the ancestor witches obey the order! Set up a large formation of the Twelve Capitals!"

These ancestral witches were conceived and born together, and they naturally felt mutual feelings in their hearts. After hearing the words, except for Hou Yi, the rest of the ancestral witches moved in response to the sound!

Immediately, a large formation formed entirely by the evil spirit of the witch clan was completed in an instant!

"what's going on?"

Hongjun was completely dumbfounded. Up to now, he had no idea what the meaning of these muscular men was.

I am giving you a chance!

Anyway, if you are not grateful to me, at least you can't fight each other?

"Bold! I'm kind enough to benefit your witch clan. What do you mean by your witch clan?"

Hongjun's face darkened, and an uncontrollable anger gushed out.

However, Di Jiang snorted coldly and reprimanded: "Hongjun, thanks to my reverence for Dao Patriarch, I didn't expect you to be such a villain! You actually wanted to play with my Wu Clan chance secretly!"

At this time, Di Jiang was already in the formation of the gods and gods in the twelve capitals, and his voice sounded like Hong Zhong Da Lu through the small world of the Wu Clan, resounding throughout the prehistoric world!

He wants to let the entire prehistoric creatures know the face of Daozu Hongjun!

Sure enough, after the sound sounded in the prehistoric world, all the creatures in the prehistoric world suddenly realized that there was excitement, and they all looked in the direction of the small world of the Wu Clan.

"What's going on? How could the Wu Clan fight against Taoist Ancestor?"

"Is Daozu in the witch clan at this moment?"

"The Wu Clan has eaten the bear's heart and leopard's guts. How dare they talk to Daozu like this?"

"Hey, what do you know, the Wu Clan is backed by the Cyanwood Dragon God, why not dare? If I have the Cyanwood Dragon God as a backer, I dare to go to Zixiao Palace!"

"Then you go!"

Countless creatures are waiting for the development of things to watch.

And in the small world of the Wu Clan, the sound of Di Jiang's roar came out immediately.

"Hongjun, you think my witch clan doesn't know that you want my little sister to be transformed into the six realms, saying that you are giving her a chance, but you are actually trapping her in the six realms!"

"It's really ridiculous to talk about benefiting my Wu Clan. Today, you must give me an explanation for my Wu Clan. It's really easy to bully my Wu Clan!"

Those two simple sentences made all the creatures in the prehistoric world understand.

"How could Daozu Hongjun act like this? He actually murdered the Wu clan!"

"Hey, it really is knowing people and faces but not heart, Daozu Hongjun, tsk tsk, that's all!"

"How can such a temperament really pass on to me? From my point of view, it's better to pin your hopes on the Dragon God Realm!"

The prehistoric beings shook their heads one after another, and even their evaluation of Hongjun couldn't help but drop a lot.

And in the small world of the Wu Clan, Hongjun's face turned blue and red, and the breath on his body kept agitating the Taoist robe, making hunting noises.

"Bold witch clan ants, dare to slander me like this! I don't know my kindness, so I will teach you a lesson today!"

At this moment, Hongjun was really impatient.

It's okay to be angry with Lin Long, anyway, he is a person of the same level as himself.

But now this little witch clan dares to be so disrespectful to him!

If he didn't beat him again, what prestige would he have in the prehistoric world?

However, just when Hongjun was about to make a move...

Boom!

A thunderstorm exploded!

Immediately, Hongjun's face changed, and the next moment, he spurted a mouthful of blood!

He didn't have time to explain anything, and then he dodged and disappeared in place immediately.

Only a group of ancestral witches were left looking at each other.

"Hey, what's the situation? Hongjun is gone?"

"What happened to the thunder just now? It seems that Hongjun has suffered some kind of backlash!"

It's not just the Wu Clan who can't figure it out, but also a group of great powers waiting to watch the fun in the wilderness, all of them are staring at each other.

"What's going on? What did the Wu Clan do to hurt Daozu and force him back?"

"No, the thunder just now is not like what the Wu Clan said!"

"That's right, I just felt a trace of the will of heaven from the thunder!"

"Could it be that the Dao of Heaven is helping the Wu Clan?"

"Fortunately, Hongjun still dared to say that he is a sage of heaven, and this time the joke really got bigger."


		