

In the prehistoric world, after thousands of years of reproduction, the human race has spread all over the prehistoric land.

Although the two major races, the Witch Race and the Monster Race, are gone, there are still many other small races in the prehistoric wilderness.

After the human race has grown to about 10 billion, it can no longer continue to expand, as if it has touched the red line of population.

After Lin Long heard the news, he also knew what was going on.

Today's human race still relies on hunting for survival, there is no food reserve, and the source is extremely unstable.

If you want to further develop, you must master various technologies.


And on this day, on the coast of the four seas, Laozi received a reminder from Hongjun and went to the human race, hoping to seek his own opportunity to become a saint.

Over the years, I have successfully beheaded the second corpse, but as for the third corpse, it is a bit embarrassing for me.

Lao Tzu's practice is the ruthless way, he is ruthless and sexless, except for the corpse of himself, it is extremely difficult to induce good corpses and evil corpses.

If it wasn't for Hongjun's secret help, I'm afraid his second corpse, the good corpse, would be very difficult to kill.

It's just that the third corpse, after Laozi's repeated attempts, still failed, so Laozi simply gave up.

I thought in my heart that I might have some inspiration after traveling in the wilderness, so I left Kunlun Mountain and traveled on the earth.

Now, it is the coast of the four seas.

Lao Tzu was wandering aimlessly, and suddenly saw several human races hunting fish.

Today's human race is uneducated, just catches a fish, and eats it raw without waiting for treatment.

Seeing several human races fighting for a fish like wild beasts, this old man couldn't help shaking his head and laughing: "Back when Nuwa became a saint, the human race was called the spirit of all things, and the law of heaven actually allowed it. It's really..."

Speaking of this, Lao Tzu suddenly shut his mouth, and a flash of inspiration flashed in his mind, as if he had been enlightened!

"That's right! The human race is the spirit of all things, it really shouldn't be like this! I can set up a teaching and educate the human race! This will surely succeed!"

A thought flashed in my mind, and the way of heaven suddenly felt in the dark.

Lao Tzu understood clearly in his heart, and he thought that his own Taoism really lies in this!

"I am Sanqing, Lao Tzu of Taiqing. Today, seeing that the human race has not been enlightened, I want to set up a new religion, called the human religion! The intention is to educate the human race, and learn from heaven!"

As the voice fell, the way of heaven felt it, and the golden clouds of my merits and virtues began to slowly gather!

And the primordial purple air in Laozi's primordial spirit, which had been silent for a long time, also began to vibrate violently at this moment.

"Sure enough!"

The primordial purple energy trembled, as if a door of mystery had been opened, and infinite insights entered Laozi's primordial spirit along the way.

In just an instant, Lao Tzu's realm directly surpassed that of quasi-sage!

However, because he didn't entrust his innate spirit treasure to cut off his own evil corpse, his cultivation was damaged.

But, no matter what, all the haze was washed away at this moment!

In the sky, merits and virtues continue to gather, spiritual energy surges, and golden lotus springs from the ground.

All the holy voices resounded in the prehistoric world.

After thousands of years, the prehistoric creatures finally saw the scene of the saint's imminent birth again, and kowtowed to the ground one after another, kowtowing their heads continuously.

Lao Tzu's stature did not transfer his mana immediately, but he was able to cross the void and stand in mid-air.

"People teach, stand!"

As Lao Tzu's holy voice fell, thunder exploded in the sky!

Lao Tzu took out the innate treasure Tai Chi diagram bestowed by Hongjun in advance for the purpose of town education!

People teach stand!

The Tai Chi diagram hangs above the heads of the human race!

At the same time, in the dojo built by Nuwa after her sanctification, in Wa Palace, Nuwa was lying on her side on the bed, looking lazy.

Suddenly, Nuwa's eyes changed: "Hmph, Lao Tzu! You still want to play tricks with me, and use the luck of the human race to become a saint? Hmph, you want to take advantage without exerting yourself, it's a beautiful idea!"

With the snap of Nuwa's fingers, the Kongtong seal bestowed by Lin Long has already appeared in her hand.


Shouyang Mountain.

In the ancestral land of the human race, a phantom of a large seal hangs on the mountain.

This place is the place where the luck of the human race gathers. The luck of the human race was somewhat unstable due to the traction of the Tai Chi diagram before, and there is a faint tendency to move closer to the Tai Chi diagram.

However, with the appearance of the phantom of the Kongtong seal, the luck of the human race has completely stabilized!

The innate treasure of Tai Chi, plus the name of the Human Sect, did not absorb a single bit of luck from the human race!

In mid-air, Lao Tzu was holding a Tai Chi diagram in his hand, his old face was embarrassing besides embarrassing.

"The luck of the human race is used by the human race, and only those who have meritorious service to the human race can dispatch it!"

Nuwa's cold voice sounded in the prehistoric world, upon hearing this, Lao Tzu's face turned pale.

How could he not understand this?

Nuwa clearly told herself that if she wanted to get the benefits, she had to do the work first!

What did the oath when the religion was established before?

Educate the human race!

Then, this matter must be completed, and the human race will naturally have luck for you!

But now, Lao Tzu feels the majestic purple energy throbbing in his mind, and the golden clouds of merit and virtue in the sky. The arrow is on the string, and it is impossible to become a saint.

"Open heaven merit! Show!"

In desperation, Lao Tzu could only use his own Pan Gu's kaitian merit.

When I spent seven or eighty-eight of the merits of opening the sky, I could hardly bear the pain.

The Primordial Purple Qi was finally fully activated.

Saint of heaven, success!

The vision of heaven and earth unfolded further.

At the same time, in Kunlun Mountain, Yuanshi and Tongtian, who were still in retreat, felt something.

"By the way, I can also establish a religion and become a saint!"

Yuanshi and Tongtian glanced at each other, and suddenly realized in their hearts.

"Today I am Sanqing, Yuqing Yuanshi! I have a feeling in my heart, and I want to explain and teach, which means to follow the destiny, explain the way of heaven, and educate the living beings! Hope to learn from the way of heaven!"

"Today, I have three cleanses, the highest is clear to the heavens! I have a feeling in my heart, and I want to cut off the teaching, which means that the way of heaven is numbered, leaving a glimmer of life, and cutting off the teaching is willing to cut off a glimmer of life for the living beings. There is no distinction between teaching and learning!"

Two vows were made, and in the rumble, the vision of Lao Tzu's sanctification has not dissipated, and the holy scene of Yuanshi and Tongtian appeared together!

That Yuanshi sacrificed the Pangu Banner, although it was not as appropriate as the Taiji Diagram, but it was still a good treasure to suppress luck.

But when it came to Tongtian, it was a bit embarrassing.

Because the Four Swords of Zhuxian and the map of Zhuxian are now in Lin Long's hands, and he has been blackmailed by Lin Long several times over the years, Hongjun is not rich.

Therefore, after the treasures were given to Laozi and Yuanshi, there was no suitable treasure to give to Tongtian.

Tong Tian was open-minded, so he didn't care about this matter, but now, he was embarrassed.

He was about to be proclaimed and sanctified, but the established sect didn't even have a treasure to suppress the sect's luck.


In the Dragon Temple, Lin Long saw Tongtian's predicament at this time through the pupil of the Dao.

Lin Long didn't like Lao Tzu and Yuan Shi among the Three Qings.

But Tongtian is not bad, even though he has been with Laozi and Yuanshi all the time, he has never shown any hostility towards himself, and sometimes he is more pertinent when evaluating things.

Therefore, Lin Long had a good impression of Tongtian.

Sanqing is destined to split up, and Lin Long has long planned to win over Tongtian. Now that Tongtian is short of treasures, Na Hongjun will definitely find a way, and it is impossible to let Tongtian do nothing like this.

That being the case, it is better to act first!

"Forget it, the Four Swords of the Jade Immortal and the diagram of the Jade Immortal Formation can be regarded as my chance to steal your chance, so I will give it back to you today..."

Lin Long sacrificed the Four Swords of Jade Immortals and the diagram of Jade Immortals with a flick of his fingers. He had already comprehended the Heaven and Earth Sword Furnace, which was more powerful than the Jade Immortals Sword Array, so the Four Swords of Jade Immortals and the Jade Immortals array were useless to him.

However, when he wanted to give these four swords and the Jade Immortal Formation to Tongtian as treasures of good luck to suppress the sect, he suddenly thought of the God Conferred Calamity in the original prehistoric world.

"I'd better give you another treasure to suppress your luck!"

With a backhand, Lin Long took out another object, which was the twelfth-grade golden lotus of merit that was extorted from Jieyin and Zhunti back then!

With a flick of the finger, the space rippled like a horizontal surface.

"Give this to you, it can be used to suppress the luck of the sect!"

When I looked again, the golden lotus of the twelve ranks of merit had already crossed the space and came to Tong Tian's hands.

"This……"

Tong Tian was in a daze, and when he was worrying, a treasure suddenly fell from the sky?

Then Lin Long's voice sounded.


		