

Yuanshi Tianzun's words were full of strong sarcasm, and he always felt that the other two brothers wanted to take advantage of him.

How could Lao Tzu and Master Tongtian not understand the implication of his words? It's just that they have already persuaded Yuan Shi, and since they can't persuade them, they simply won't persuade them any more.

"Ugh."

Sighing, Lao Tzu shook his head, turned and left immediately.

The Master Tongtian also looked at Yuanshi Tianzun, and said: "Second brother, since you said that, then I have nothing to say. The position of the teacher of the Three Emperors and Five Emperors is all yours to teach, and I will stop teaching one! But Some things have to be said first, if any karma is caused because of the positions of these eight holy masters, I will not bear half of the responsibility for stopping the teaching!"

Yuanshi Tianzun didn't take it seriously but was overjoyed: "Okay! If there is a cause and effect, I will take it upon myself to explain and teach, and I will never implicate you!"

He is determined to take advantage of this human race. Since no one else wants it, he can simply make it all up!

The Master Tongtian shook his head helplessly, with a little disappointment in his heart, he turned around and left.

After confirming that the two brothers had already left and would not compete with him for the position of the Master of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors, Yuanshi Tianzun finally showed a satisfied smile on his face.

"Hmph, the human race is the protagonist of heaven and earth, and the position of the teacher of the Three Emperors and Five Emperors, how can you give up easily? Big brother, do you really think I don't know that you are preaching in the human race? I have my own plan!"

Yuanshi Tianzun left Zixiao Palace contentedly and returned to Yuxu Palace in Kunlun Mountain.

As soon as he returned to Yuxu Palace, he couldn't wait to summon all his disciples.

Among the disciples, Yuanshi Tianzun's favorite is the eldest disciple Nanji Xianweng, but this matter cannot be entrusted to him.

This time, Yuanshi Tianzun could not give him the position of the teacher of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors.

Because, this time, it is to use the matter of the holy master to completely launch the name of explaining the teachings, and the twelve golden immortals are undoubtedly the best signboard!

Although the Antarctic Immortal is excellent, he is not among the Twelve Golden Immortals.

Therefore, the first holy master, Guang Chengzi, the head of the Twelve Golden Immortals, became the first choice.

Soon, following the call of Yuanshi Tianzun, all the disciples gathered in Yuxu Palace.

"Disciple pays homage to Master!"

Yuanshi Tianzun nodded in satisfaction, looked at the disciples below, and spoke slowly.

"Calling you here today is not a side matter. It is a chance. It is not a small benefit for you. It can accumulate a lot of merit!"

Upon hearing this sentence, the eyes of the disciples of Chanjiao could not help but light up a little.

In the wild, who doesn't know the benefits of merit?

This thing is simply a panacea for practitioners.

Slow cultivation speed can be compensated with merit.

Insufficient heels or incompleteness can be repaired with merit.

Even when refining a weapon, if it does not reach the level you want, you can use merit to turn it into a spiritual treasure of merit.

Many virtuous spirit treasures are more powerful than innate spirit treasures.

Moreover, all spiritual treasures with merits and virtues have another characteristic, that is, killing does not involve cause and effect.

This is simply the best choice for looting houses and looting property.

Of course, for these junior beings, it is very difficult to obtain merit.

So when Yuan Shi said that there are a lot of merits that can be obtained, all the disciples present were moved.

It can be called a lot of merit by a sage, how much merit should this have?

"Dare to ask the master what is the matter, and the disciples and others are needed to help."

As the head of the Twelve Golden Immortals, Guang Chengzi was the first to ask.

Yuanshi Tianzun said proudly: "Today in Zixiao Palace, the Taoist ancestor and our saints said that the human race will have three emperors and five emperors to guide the development of the human race."

"However, the human race is an acquired spirit, and there is no ability to know from birth, so it needs to be taught, and the position of the teacher of the Three Emperors and Five Emperors is specially set up. It is not convenient for the saint to come forward in person, so I have to leave it to you and other juniors."

As soon as he explained the matter, the disciples who were present at the scene understood it.

No wonder the master said that there is a lot of merit. This human race is the protagonist of God. If you help the human race, you will naturally get a lot of merit. This is indeed a great thing.

"Master, I don't know the position of the teachers of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors, how many do I teach?"

Guang Chengzi is still relatively stable, aware of the crux of the problem.

The teachers of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors have limited seats, there are eight in total, and the saint is not the only one who is his master.

There is no guarantee that other saints will not divide it.

Hearing Guang Chengzi's question, Yuanshi Tianzun seemed to have been caught on an itch, and felt a burst of relief in his heart. Even when answering Guang Chengzi's question, a little smile could not help but appear on the corner of his mouth.

"This matter is fought for the teacher, and other saints are not allowed to intervene. The position of the three emperors, five emperors and eight saints is all up to me to explain and teach!"

Hearing this, the eyes of all the disciples of Chanjiao brightened up a bit.

What is chance? What a chance!

It was indeed a correct decision to join the teaching.

It has only been a long time and there are already merits to be obtained.

And the position of the teacher of the Three Sovereigns and Five Sovereigns, that is to say, there are at least eight people who can share merit.

As for how much and how little, the sage has his own decision.

What's more, this time my master has competed for so many positions, and it is bound to prosper among the human race this time!

In the future, I still have to worry about having no merits to take?

"Disciple, thank you Master for your compassion!"

A group of disciples sang praises to Yuanshi Tianzun, and Yuanshi Tianzun was very useful. He stroked his beard and nodded with satisfaction: "This time when the emperor of the human race was born, Guang Chengzi was the first saint teacher. Remember to use me to teach the twelve gold coins." The name of the fairy, let the people know my reputation for elaborating teachings."

Guang Chengzi's eyes widened, his face was full of joy, he knelt on the ground and kowtowed hurriedly: "Yes, please rest assured, Master, I will do my best to deal with this matter, and I will never fall into the name of the Twelve Golden Immortals! "

This shit is simply a good thing that the sky is falling.

Next, Yuanshi Tianzun assigned the positions of the remaining seven saints to a group of disciples one by one under the eager eyes of the other disciples. Similarly, Yuanshi Tianzun also distributed some spiritual treasures to these disciples. The purpose is to use these spirit treasures to help the disciples tide over the difficulties when encountering troubles in the human race.

It can also be regarded as playing the role of an escort.

After all, this matter is related to his own luck in teaching, and Yuan Shi still attaches great importance to it.

Except for Huang Long, who was not very popular on weekdays, the remaining disciples more or less reaped some benefits.

Even those who were not assigned the position of saint master, Yuanshi Tianzun also bestowed some spiritual treasures as compensation.

Only Daoist Huang Long was miserable, he didn't get anything.

Huang Long was also deeply aware of how unpopular he was when he was explaining teachings, and he couldn't help feeling a little bit bitter in his heart.

If he was in the Dragon God Realm, why would he suffer such grievances.


at the same time.

Within the Dragon God Realm.

Lin Long realized that the luck of the human race had been achieved, and knew that it was time for Fuxi to sit on the throne of the emperor, so he immediately notified Yunxiao via voice transmission.

"Yunxiao, come quickly to the Dragon Temple."

Yun Xiao, who was practicing, heard the sound transmission, and hurriedly set off, and soon arrived at the Dragon Temple.

Lin Long didn't talk nonsense, and with a wave of his hand, he sent several jade talismans with information recorded in front of Yun Xiao.

"These jade talismans record the techniques of innate divination, the method of making utensils, and some inheritance of human civilization."

Yun Xiao immediately understood, these things were obviously taught by the master to pass on to the people.

"Master, don't worry, this disciple will definitely bring these to the human race and spread them forward."

Compared with Yuan Shi, Lin Long only gave Yun Xiao some knowledge about the self-development of the human race, but did not bestow any treasures.

Hongjun wants to use the human race as a chessboard to wrestle with himself, but there is one thing Hongjun doesn't know.

That is the current human way, which is no longer under the jurisdiction of the heavenly way.

The affairs of the human race can no longer be resolved by magical means.

It can only develop with the strength of the human race itself.

But when it comes to the development experience of the human race, who can understand it better than Lin Long, who was a human race in his previous life?

Wanting to compete for the luck of the human race in Lin Long's hands, Lin Long has a lot of ways to make these saints and Hongjun lose their money.


		