

When the Flood Demon King first appeared, Lin Long had seen through this guy's cultivation.

The middle stage of Da Luo Jinxian.

And it's just entered the middle stage of Da Luo Jinxian.

Moreover, the potential of this flood dragon has been exhausted, and there is no hope of any improvement.

With such a cultivation base, he can only show off his prestige in the West Sea for a while, and he even dares to call himself the Jiao Demon King.

Lin Long just felt that this guy didn't know how to write dead characters.

Even if Da Luo Jinxian is perfect in the formation he arranged, it is impossible to break through it.

It is already considered a great luck for an evil dragon in the middle stage of Daluo Jinxian to survive the attack that just rebounded.

At this moment, looking at the pale dragon's face, it is obvious that the destruction of an arm has already hurt his vitality.

The Jiao Demon King stared at Lin Long viciously, and shouted: "Boy, I remember you. I will send someone to guard here from today onwards. You'd better not come out."

He only felt that Lin Long had some attainments in one formation, as long as he didn't touch this formation, Lin Long would not dare to confront him head-on.

Hearing this, Lin Long sneered: "You don't have to guard, I'll come out now."

Queen Mother Xi was startled: "Fellow Daoist, what are you?!"

This formation was finally able to prevent these evil dragons, and now Lin Long wants to take the initiative to go out?

These dragons say they are here, but they are just talking.

The Flood Dragon Clan is not the only force in the West Sea.

If this Jiaolong really dared to spend all his subordinates here, he would be expelled from the West Sea in a short time.

So when I heard this evil dragon say that, I hope Queen Mother Xi is not worried.

Who would have thought that Lin Long would act like a hero and want to go out!

Outside the formation, the Jiao Demon King's eyes lit up.

"Haha, good boy, if you really dare to come out, then I will not trouble this Queen Mother of the West in the future."

Lin Long didn't speak, just smiled lightly.

Turning to look at the Queen Mother of the West.

"Thank you for your hospitality, fellow daoist, don't worry."

Before the Queen Mother of the West could speak, Lin Long stepped out of the formation with one step.

"Good boy, you really dare to come out, this king wants to look at you high."

Hearing that evil dragon speak, Lin Long also shook his head with a smile: "I'm also quite surprised that you didn't escape."

Ignoring Lin Long's words, the Flood Demon King stared at Lin Long and said, "Boy, I will give you a chance to serve my Flood Dragon Clan and arrange formations for my Flood Dragon. I will spare your life!"

The Flood Demon King is not a fool, he can see Lin Long's formation skills, if he wants to kill him, he will definitely not bear it.

If he could get Lin Long's help, he would soon be able to pacify Xihai and hold it all in his hands.

Lin Long raised his eyebrows slightly: "Hehe, okay, but this is not a place to talk, why don't I go with you and go back to your Flood Dragon Clan, let's discuss again."

A mere Jiaolong in the mid-stage of Daluo Jinxian would never dare to betray the Dragon Clan.

It is simply unforgivable to claim to be a member of the Jiaolong family. Lin Long must find out the guy behind it.

Staying here would reveal his identity, so Lin Long decided to go to the Jiaolong clan.

A smile appeared on the Jiao Demon King's face. Lin Long was so upbeat that he was so surprised that he even ignored the injuries on his body.

Although it sounds long, it is actually only a few sentences.

Lin Long left with the Jiao Demon King and a group of Jiaolongs, and the Queen Mother of the West finally came to her senses at this moment.

"Sister Queen Mother Xi, who was that just now?"

"It's an expert fellow Taoist, and the new formation on our island is from him."

"Ah? Then why did he leave with the Jiaolong clan?"

"Maybe he doesn't want to implicate us?" Queen Mother Xi frowned.

After thinking for a moment, Queen Mother Xi looked at the fairies on the island with firm eyes.

"Everyone, that fellow Taoist just now is kind to us. If he hadn't made the move, the Flood Dragon Clan would have already entered the island by now."

"Now that we have this formation, I have a place to settle down in the West Sea."

"But Fellow Daoists are in deep crisis because of this."

"I want to go to the Jiaolong clan to save people! Is there anyone willing to go with me!"

All the female fairies looked at each other in blank dismay, and there was silence for a while, and after a while, someone stood up.

"I would like to go!"

"I would too!"

"Count me!"

With the first comes the second, and the third.

Soon, all the fairies on the island stood up, and none of them was absent.

Queen Mother Xi had tears in her eyes.

"Well, we have been oppressed by this race in the West Sea for a long time! Now, let them see how powerful we are."

Queen Mother Xi suddenly recalled what Lin Long said just now.

In fact, the strength of the female fairies under him is not weaker than these races!

In less than a moment, the Queen Mother of the West organized the female fairies on the island, and flew away from the ashram in a mighty way, towards the residence of the Jiaolong clan.

At the same time, Lin Long also followed Jiao Demon King to the station.

"This is the residence of my Jiaolong clan."

"To tell you the truth, this place was originally the Dragon Palace of the West Sea Dragon Clan. Unfortunately, the Dragon Clan is in decline now. Hmph, it's not as good as my Jiaolong Clan."

"They don't deserve to have this Dragon Palace anymore."

Speaking of this, the Flood Demon King was very proud.

Lin Long was not annoyed, and just glanced at the Flood Demon King lightly.

"So you have taken Jiaolong out of the Dragon Clan?"

Jiao Demon King didn't understand the deeper meaning of Lin Long's words, and thought that Lin Long was simply curious, and waved his hands with a smile and said: "Hehe, what is separation, it's just their own development."

"If the Dragon Clan rises again in the future, I'll just wait until they come back, but now it looks like it will only suffer from it."

Lin Long nodded, he had already sentenced these Jiaolongs to death.

Too lazy to talk to the Jiao Demon King, Lin Long walked into the Dragon Palace with his hands behind his back and looked around.

This looks like returning to his own home, which made the Demon King stunned for a moment, and then a happy look appeared on his face.

"If you want to arrange formations, there are plenty of good materials here, which are left over from the Dragon Clan."

"Boy, you are very knowledgeable about current affairs. Although you have just confronted me, I will not hold you accountable. In the future, I will serve my Flood Dragon Clan well, and your benefits will be indispensable."

Jiao Demon King thought that Lin Long was making arrangements for the staff, and began to prepare for the formation.

Unexpectedly, in the next second, Lin Long walked straight to the Dragon King's throne.

Under the horrified eyes of all the flood dragons, he sat down on his buttocks.

"Bold boy! Hurry up and get off that position! That's the king's position!"

"Looking for death! Take him down for me!"

A group of flood dragons stared at Lin Long viciously, and were about to strike.

Lin Long snorted coldly.

"Well, a group of ants, it's very courageous to break away from the Dragon Clan."

"This seat is here today, I'll give you a chance, is there someone who ordered you to do this behind your back!"

"Think it over before answering, there is only one chance."

A faint dragon prestige spread out from Lin Long's body.

Even if it is a clone, it is naturally easy to borrow Longwei from the main body.

This is also the difference between refined puppet clones and ordinary clones. The clones can share the main body at any time, and the main body can also share the clones at any time.

The flood dragons in the palace who were still invincible just now all stared wide-eyed.

"You, you are a dragon!"


		