

On the shore of the North Sea, on a spiritual peak, Lin Long stood on the top of the mountain, looking around.

I saw that Lingfeng was surrounded by mountains, the fairy mist was misty, and spirit beasts walked through the mountain stream.

"The scenery here is pretty good, but the aura is a little thinner, otherwise it would be a top-notch paradise."

"However, it is just right to practice in seclusion here."

He had just killed the three fire phoenixes of the Feng clan, and the Feng clan would definitely not let him go easily.

Although he took action to erase the cause and effect, Lin Long decided to hide for a while just to be on the safe side.

Safety first!

When the disputes between the three clans become more serious and they can't take care of themselves, they will look for geniuses and treasures everywhere.

And this spiritual peak was the place Lin Long had chosen.

Right now, the laws I have in my hand include the law of time, the law of space, the law of formation, the law of cause and effect, the law of devouring, the law of five elements, the law of good fortune, the law of thunder and the law of wind.

The comprehension of each law is above 40%, which is very high compared to the Daluo Jinxian of the same realm.

This is also due to the blessing of Dao Qi Luck. Even if I haven't practiced much these years, my understanding of the law will still naturally improve.

As for supernatural powers, commonly used supernatural powers such as Law of Heaven and Earth, Immortal Karmic Fire, Innate Divination, and Pupil of the Dao have basically reached great success.

Only the transformation of the fetus into shape and the derivation of Yang Yuan that I realized later were relatively poor.

"Deriving Yang Yuan and transforming the fetus into shape are both supernatural powers that can improve my physical body. It's a good time to practice this joint supernatural power during this time."

With a wave of his hand, a cave was opened on the mountainside, and a magic circle for gathering spirits was placed.

It can be regarded as temporarily turning this place into a top-notch paradise.

With the blessing of the law of the formation, his talent in the formation is also ridiculously high.

Almost any formation can be reproduced at a glance.

The spirit gathering array and so on are naturally out of the question.

There is no time to practice, hundreds of years in a blink of an eye.

During these hundreds of years, on the wild land, the battle between the three clans has already intensified.

Originally, Lin Long hid in this remote place on the coast of the North Sea, and few people from the three races came here, but hundreds of years have passed, and now, it has been gradually affected by the flames of war.

The destructive power of the war between the three clans was astonishing, and it almost razed this place to the ground several times.

Fortunately, Lin Long managed to save this small mountain with a secret attack.

It's just that now this place really can't stay any longer.

Because of the spread of the war among the three clans, this place has gradually spread into one of the main battlefields.

Lin Long got up and stepped out of the cave, and looked back at the place where he had stayed for hundreds of years.

There are many spiritual flowers and grasses in this place, which were planted by Lin Long when he was idle and bored. He also perfected the spirit-gathering formation once. If it is not destroyed by others, the spirit-gathering formation can last for several days at least. For thousands of years.

This place can also be regarded as the place where I have subconsciously cultivated. It is really a pity to destroy it.

"Forget it, if someone with predestined relationship can find this place, then this place will be regarded as his predestined method."

Lin Long pondered for a moment, and then arranged a concealment formation here. If someone strays into this place by mistake, it will be a fairy fate.

After doing all this, Lin Long turned and left, heading deeper into the North Sea.

With the supernatural power of knowing the future, he was able to spare the place where the dragon, phoenix, and unicorn clans fought.

The deeper the North Sea went, the less confrontation between the three clans.

On this day, Lin Long came to a mountain spring, and a sense of danger suddenly rose in his heart.

He only felt the qi and blood in his body surging, as if he was about to be forcibly sucked out of his body.

However, Lin Long's physical body is not what it used to be, so he can easily suppress this feeling.

Although this suction is very strong, it is still much worse than his own devouring law and supernatural powers to derive Yang Yuan.

After these hundreds of years, my two supernatural powers of transforming the fetus into shape and deriving Yang Yuan have already achieved great success.

If Lin Long is willing, everything around him can be turned into energy and absorbed into his body.

But such a method, especially in the calamity, can easily bring disaster to himself, so Lin Long will not use it indiscriminately.

Only when absorbing the treasures of genius and earth, will these two supernatural powers be used to achieve the best effect.

This suction came very suddenly. Although Lin Long was not affected by this huge suction, some weak creatures within a thousand miles around him did not have such good luck.

The blood of those weak creatures, like a fountain, drilled out along the pores of their bodies, and gathered towards a place in the sky.

Lin Long followed the direction and looked up, only to see a Taoist in a black robe, who was unscrupulously absorbing the blood of these creatures and irrigating himself.

"What a sinister practice..."

Lin Long shook his head, but he didn't want to meddle in other people's business either.

In the wilderness, there are many people who rely on their cultivation to kill other creatures to practice.

After all, in today's prehistoric world, there is no distinction between good and evil, and it's not my turn to take care of this kind of thing.

However, Lin Long didn't want to make trouble, but the trouble came to him on his own initiative.

After the black-robed Taoist absorbed the blood of countless living beings, after feeling it carefully, he even took the initiative to fly towards Lin Long.

"Hey, I didn't expect there to be a fish that slipped through the net!"

Just now he had used his supernatural powers to suck up all the living beings in a radius of thousands of miles, but the aura of living beings appeared here again.

This naturally indicates that some creatures escaped him just now!

"Hahahaha, I didn't expect to be a dragon!"

The black-robed Taoist was not slow, and he came to Lin Long in the blink of an eye: "In the depths of the North Sea, dragons are rare, and this is a great tonic, boy, you are lucky, the Taoist is lucky today !"

In the eyes he looked at Lin Long, there was no concealment of greed, as if Lin Long was already his prey.

Looking at the black-robed Taoist in the Da Luo realm in front of him, Lin Long did not hesitate at all, and immediately used the supernatural power of knowing the future.

[You used your magical powers to know the future, and after a while, the Taoist in front of you launched an attack on you, and you won by crushing]

Looking at the reminder in his mind, Lin Long didn't panic: "I advise you not to ask for trouble, I'm just passing by, you want to practice, it's your business."

"Hahahaha, I didn't let go of what the Daoist saw, little bug, obediently swallowed by the Daoist... What! You!"

However, before the words fell, the Taoist suddenly screamed!

A dragon claw appeared behind the Taoist at some point, and directly grabbed the Taoist's shoulder, and with a sudden grab, it tore the Taoist's shoulder apart!

"Damn it! How dare you sneak attack Daoist Master!"

The Taoist was furious. He never expected that the guy exuding a strong dragon aura in front of him would sneak up on him without even letting himself finish his sentence!

"Damn it!"

Immediately, the Taoist didn't hesitate any more, a sharp mouthpart suddenly appeared, following Lin Long's breath, he sucked it violently!

"No wonder there is such a strong suction, no wonder I can trace my aura, it turns out to be Daoist Mosquito!"

Lin Long looked at the black-robed Taoist in front of him, and with the appearance of his mouthparts, he naturally understood that the most vicious Taoist Mosquito was exactly this guy in front of him!

"Huh? You little bug has some knowledge, and you even know your Taoist name!"

Mosquito Taoist twisted all over his body, and under the squirming of the shoulder that was torn by Lin Long, he recovered in an instant.

"It seems that if you want to injure you severely, you must tear off all your legs and arms!"

Lin Long spoke, and when he spoke, a layer of green dragon scales slowly appeared on his body.

"It's you!"

Daoist Mosquito shrank his pupils suddenly, as if he had thought of something, he screamed in shock: "You are Qingmu Dragon God!"


		