

In the prehistoric world, all monks are now stuck in the realm of Daluo, suffering from no way to break through.

The Dao gradually dissipated, and the Dao of Heaven gradually awakened. With the Dao of Heaven blocking them, these creatures could not practice the traditional Dao practice rules.

And the method of practicing the law of heaven has not been explored yet.

If Lin Long didn't have Dao's favor, he might be stuck in Daluo Jinxian's consummation.

In the current prehistoric world, only a guy like Hongjun Luohu raised his eyebrows who was formerly a Chaos Demon God can go further.

This is also Hongjun's greatest reliance. As long as his realm is above Da Luo, he can stabilize all the creatures in the prehistoric world, and he only needs to put his mind on Luo Hu.

Lin Long stood up slowly, breaking through the quasi-sage realm, and Lin Long's aura seemed to be back to basics.

All the supernatural powers on his body also began to subside, but if you look closely, you can find the difference between Lin Long and ordinary creatures.

Quasi-sage, that also occupies a holy word, and it has a taste of life transformation compared with Da Luo.

"Breakthrough in realm, stable state of mind, you can walk around at will."

Since coming to the prehistoric period, Lin Long had great luck and the assistance of knowing the future, but he did not travel casually.

At this time, I have just reached the quasi-sage realm, so I can walk around and have a look.

"Fighting the Wind and Flowing Clouds."

With a thought in Lin Long's mind, his figure disappeared in the next instant.

The prehistoric world does not know hundreds of thousands of miles, even if it is a quasi-sage and great power, he can wander around at will, and he will not be able to explore the edge for a while.

Fortunately, Lin Long was not lacking in patience. It was not without gains along the way, and he collected a lot of spiritual flowers and spiritual fruits.

Although with Lin Long's current vision, these spirit flowers and fruits are naturally not to be admired.

If you really want to find the treasures of heaven, material and earth, it is naturally the most convenient and quick way to use Unknown Future.

But on this trip, Lin Long didn't have this idea, he just wandered around without any purpose.

But sometimes, when the opportunity comes, even if it is blocked, it cannot be stopped.

Lin Long was wandering around at will, when suddenly, in the southeast direction, a breath of energy shot up into the sky.

"Huh? Lingbao is alive?"

Lin Long shook his head immediately.

"I didn't want to find Lingbao, but Lingbao brought it up by myself."

"Forget it, if God doesn't take it, you will be blamed instead."

Lin Long's supernatural powers have been transferred, although there are hundreds of thousands of miles, but for Lin Long now, it is just the blink of an eye.

However, things were not as simple as Lin Long thought.

When he arrived at the place where the aura was rising, Lin Long looked around, but he couldn't find any clues about the Lingbao, but found a figure instead.

I saw an old man with white beard and hair sitting cross-legged on a rock.

The old man's aura was illusory, and Lin Long couldn't even see the old man's cultivation for a while.

The surrounding spirit is still very full.

It shows that here, something good was indeed born just now.

There is only this old man here, so don't think about it, the things must have fallen into his hands.

Lin Long shook his head.

"Looks like I'm one step too late."

Although it was a step slower, Lin Long did not want to snatch it.

It's not worth offending a creature who can't see the depth in order to meet a Lingbao who doesn't know what it is.

But sometimes, things just don't go as planned.

Lin Long was already about to leave when the old man sitting on the rock suddenly spoke.

"Since fellow daoist is here, what's the matter? Are you going to leave without even saying hello?"

"Um?"

Lin Long stood up, and just for a moment, Lin Long felt a sense of danger on the old man.

Turning around to look at the old man, Lin Long narrowed his eyes slightly, and said lightly, "Why, do fellow daoists still want to keep me here for a cup of tea?"

"Hehe, drink tea? The majestic Cyanwood Dragon God must also have a cup of tea for me, but I have admired the methods of the Dragon God for a long time. Since we met today, it would be a pity if we didn't fight each other!"

As soon as the words fell, the old man opened his eyes suddenly, and with a flick of his body, he came to Lin Long.

An attack did not wait for a reaction, and it had already arrived before Lin Long's eyes.

The alarm bell in Lin Long's heart rang loudly!

"So fast!"

The old man's speed exceeded Lin Long's expectation.

Among the creatures that Lin Long had seen in Honghuang, only Hongjun and Luohu could compare with this speed.

boom!

However, Lin Long is not the same Lin Long now. He has broken through to the realm of quasi-sage. Even facing this old man, Lin Long has a lot of means to resist.

What's more, the clay figurine is still a little bit angry, this old thing doesn't say a word when he comes up, he will do it directly, if he bears it any longer, it's not that it's troublesome, but really useless.

Lin Long charged up his left fist, punched out, and a sonic boom sounded.

Even the space was directly shattered because it couldn't bear the pressure.

After forcing the old man back with a punch, Lin Long's right hand was also not idle.

The power of the wind and thunder turned into a hand knife, and it fell down with a thunderous aura.

The two laws of wind and thunder have been mastered by Lin Long ninety-nine percent, and their power has also been greatly improved.

Gangfeng and Zilei, which used to be used as hole cards, are now only regarded as ordinary means.

If it were other prehistoric creatures, Lin Long's blow alone would be enough to wipe them out.

However, the old man just smiled slightly, using his hand as a float, and with a single movement, the terrifying attack was easily resolved.

"Good method!"

Lin Long pulled away, looked at the old man and sighed sincerely.

The old man didn't seem to be in a hurry to attack, he looked at Lin Long, and said with a smile: "The dignified Cyanwood Dragon God, shouldn't he only have such a little means, I'm an old man, but I heard that the Dragon God has all kinds of laws, even the laws of time and space. They are all involved, why not come out?"

Lin Long's pupils shrank.

The old man's identity really became more and more mysterious, and he actually knew so many secrets about himself.

There are not many people who know that they know the laws of time and space. Lin Long thought about it carefully, but he couldn't find the right person.

"Hmph, you also didn't show your real skills, come on, since you want to fight, then I will have fun with you!"

Lin Long also developed a warlike heart.

He had just broken through to the quasi-sage and just needed an opponent. Other creatures were not his opponents, and Hongjun Luohu himself was unwilling to contact him for the time being. This old man was just right.

In an instant, flames rose from Lin Long's body, and the thunder pattern between his brows kept flickering.

"Oh? The Phoenix Clan's inextinguishable karmic fire, the Dragon God really surprised the old man."

Listening to the old man's words, Lin Long didn't open his mouth, and the thunder and fire attached to his body, forming an armor.

Under the blessing of the law of thunder and lightning, Lin Long's speed skyrocketed again.

In mid-air, the sound of fierce collisions resounded continuously.

The aftermath of Lin Long's and the old man's attack could spread thousands of miles away.

Wherever the aftermath passed, the mountain peaks turned into flat land, and all of them were turned into dust.

This is the means of the prehistoric peak power.

The hands of every Great Desolate Great Expert are full of blood.

But the attack did not stop there.

boom! ! !

"Like heaven and earth!"

With a low shout, Lin Long swelled in the wind.

In an instant, it turned into a giant with a million feet.

Lin Long, who was surrounded by lightning and karmic fire, was like a giant at the beginning of the world, with a huge momentum, and at the same time attracted the attention of many powerful people in the prehistoric world.


		