

Lin Long didn't need to talk about the contract in front of him, Zhulong also knew what it was for.

But she has no other choice.

Just for a while, Lin Long told her so many secrets.

Even the avatar was revealed to her.

As long as he shakes his head and refuses to sign the contract, there will only be a dead end today.

Lin Long's strength has been fully demonstrated.

Zhulong didn't want to die, at least not now.

The contract will be signed soon.

The moment the contract was established, Lin Long connected with Zhulong's sea of ​​consciousness.

Lin Long also had another servant again.

"Okay, I'll leave you some pills and practice exercises, and follow what I said to integrate the existing dragon-affiliated races in the wilderness, as well as the troubles caused by the Qinglong."

"Yes, Patriarch, I understand."

Candle Dragon lowered his stance.

Lin Long didn't say anything about the Flood Demon King, but Zhulong can be sure that she is out of trouble, and this Flood Dragon won't live long.

Walking out of the dark cell, the Jiao Demon King was waiting nervously.

"Lord Dragon God, Senior Candle Dragon, what happened before was all a misunderstanding, and we also followed orders before."

Lin Long ignored the Flood Demon King. After the matter was settled, Lin Long was going to go to the West Queen Mother Dojo again. After saying goodbye, it was time to go to the Witch Clan to do business.

at this time.

"It's not good! It's not good! The Queen Mother of the West came to the door with a group of fairies!"

"Instead of her..."

As soon as someone called at the door, the Jiao Demon King immediately wanted to call back, and realized something was wrong when he was halfway through speaking.

I am no longer the Flood Demon King that I was before.

"Dragon, Lord Dragon God, look at this..."

Now everything has to wait for the person in front of him to make up his mind.

"Let's go, you should be looking for me."

Outside the Crystal Dragon Palace, thousands of female fairies surrounded the entire Crystal Dragon Palace.

The Queen Mother of the West held a long sword, and the blade pointed directly at the palace gate.

"Flood Demon King, hurry up and hand over fellow daoists! Otherwise, today I will crush all the sisters to your Crystal Palace!"

The awakened Queen Mother of the West seemed to be a different person, with a tyrannical aura and no room for change.

The Flood Demon King in the Crystal Dragon Palace was also taken aback when he saw these thousands of female fairies.

"How come there are so many people!"

Lin Long glanced at the Jiao Demon King.

This guy really didn't pay attention to these fairies before.

If he hadn't appeared today, I'm afraid the Flood Demon King would have died imminently.

Of course, even if he appeared today, the Flood Demon King would still die.

It's just that there is no need to implicate so many dragons.

Lin Long ignored Jiao Demon King, saw Queen Mother Xi bringing someone to pick him up, and walked out on his own.

If he wanted to leave, no one would dare to stop him, but the Queen Mother of the West outside saw Lin Long walking out so easily, and was dumbfounded for a moment.

"Dao, fellow daoist, are you alright?"

Queen Mother Xi was a little confused for a moment, not knowing what was going on.

Lin Long smiled lightly.

"It's okay, didn't I say it, I have some intersections with the high-level members of the Jiaolong clan."

Just as Lin Long finished speaking, a scream rang out from behind him.

"Ah! Senior!"

The screams stopped abruptly.

Everyone looked into the palace.

I saw a woman with a glamorous temperament and a beautiful appearance pinching the neck of the Demon King.

"Fellow Daoist has already told me about the matter just now. I have been in seclusion for thousands of years. I don't know what these dragons have done, but I don't want to cause trouble for Fellow Daoist."

"Fellow daoists can rest assured that there will be no more dragons to harass you."

The one who spoke was naturally Candle Dragon.

Don't look at just recovering from some injuries, bloodline suppression, coupled with realm suppression, it is really not difficult for Zhulong to kill the Demon King.

"This……"

Queen Mother Xi held the sword in her hand, but she didn't know what to do for a while.

Things didn't go as planned at all.

I came here, shouldn't I fight this group of flood dragons, and rescue my fellow Taoists after a hard fight?

How come the Flood Demon King died before he even made a move?

Moreover, what happened to this beautiful woman who suddenly appeared?

She is also a flood dragon?

Questions lingered in Queen Mother Xi's mind.

Lin Long smiled and said, "Okay, since the matter has been settled, I won't stay here any longer, fellow daoist, don't forget the agreement between you and me."

Zhulong nodded: "Don't worry, I won't forget, I will inevitably go to the Daoist dojo to bother me in the future."

What she was referring to was naturally within the Dragon God Realm.

Lin Long said: "Okay, even if I'm not there, there are people in the dojo who will receive fellow Taoists."

The words of Zhulong and Lin Long were vague.

Queen Mother Xi always felt that what the two said was not as simple as it appeared on the surface.

But I couldn't hear anything wrong.

Before Queen Mother Xi could think about it, Lin Long had already walked to her side.

"Fellow Daoist Queen Mother of the West, thank you for what happened today. I just told my friend that these dragons will not bother you in the future."

"Speaking of which, we haven't finished our tea just now, so we just go back, so I can explain the formation to fellow daoists."

The Queen Mother of the West came back to her senses, and said again and again: "Where is it? I should thank you, fellow Taoist. If you hadn't made a move, we would have been captured by the Demon King."

"Besides, I was the one who involved you, Fellow Daoist, in this dispute."

"Fortunately, things have calmed down now, otherwise I would really feel uneasy."

As soon as Lin Long interrupted, Queen Mother Xi also temporarily put this matter behind her.

Following the Queen Mother of the West, Lin Long returned to the dojo again.

After a brief drink of tea, you explained the magical effect of this formation to the Queen Mother of the West.

The purpose of Lin Long's trip has also been achieved.

Without the intrusion of these flood dragons, and with the candle dragon sitting in the west sea, these aquariums should not dare to make trouble again.

The title of Queen Mother of the West will also become more and more famous.

In order not to cause any accidents, before Lin Long left, he specially gave some instructions to Queen Mother Xi.

"Fellow Daoist, the Great Desolation is dangerous. While accumulating power, don't dabble in the conflict between the Great Desolation and the Desolation lightly, otherwise it will be too late for regret."

Queen Mother of the West nodded solemnly.

Leave the West Sea.

Lin Long also had a general understanding of the situation in the four seas.

The Four Seas Dragon Clan's control over the power has indeed reached a very weak level.

The clansmen of the three clans no longer have any sense of presence in the prehistoric world.

But for this matter, except for some guys who were restless and wanted to split up, other things were within Lin Long's expectations.

Now the dragon clan seems to be very weak, but in the future, who would have thought that such an inconspicuous race like Honghuang would have unknowingly become far more powerful than the current overlord of heaven and earth.

In prehistoric development, stability is the most important thing.

Lin Long stood by the sea.

"It's been a long time since I came out to look for Lingbao, so I just try my luck today on the way to the Wu Clan."

[You used your magical powers to know the future. You traveled 13 million miles westward, and suddenly you met a monkey with a strange appearance, and you were robbed. 】

Looking at the prompt in his mind, Lin Long was stunned for a moment, then laughed.

"Haha, it's interesting. Apart from the second shame of the West, Honghuang still does this kind of thing."


		