

The next day, Guang Chengzi walked out of the cave he built.

As soon as he came out, he saw thousands of people kneeling in front of his cave.

"I'll wait to see the immortal master."

These human races did not go hunting early in the morning, but instead came to Guangchengzi to worship, their intentions were self-evident.

That Guang Chengzi was not ambiguous, with a wave of his hand, hundreds of game and some spiritual fruits with meat and vegetables flew from a distance.

According to the usual practice, the human race below began to share the food after chanting the teachings of the teachings sparsely.

Na Guangchengzi was quite satisfied with this.

Although he hadn't gotten along well with that Fuxi these years, overall, the propaganda of the teachings was still very successful.

Once Fuxi becomes the emperor of the human race, it doesn't matter if Fuxi has a good relationship with himself or not. Anyway, his teachings have been propagated. When the time comes, the fortune of explaining the teachings will definitely skyrocket, and the merits will increase greatly. The master will not reward himself severely A wave?

When the time comes, should I ask Master for a defensive innate spirit treasure, or an offensive innate spirit treasure?

Guangchengzi was already mentally prepared to receive the reward from Yuanshi Tianzun.

However, at this moment.

Seeing that besides the tribe, thousands of human tribes filed in, came to Guangchengzi's cave, saw the prey and spiritual fruits on the ground, and immediately rushed forward to divide up the food.

How can these foods be eaten by thousands of people? Therefore, each human race is basically half full.

Immediately, dissatisfaction appeared on someone's face.

In the end, someone bravely came to Guang Chengzi, and said cautiously: "Master Immortal, there are a lot of people who came to worship and teach today, look at this food..."

At this time, Guang Chengzi noticed that the number of people who came today was much higher than before.

However, he is not dissatisfied with this, it's just some food, just pick it up!

Immediately, Guang Chengzi used his mana again, and in less than a moment, another large pile of food fell from the sky and fell in front of the crowd.

"Since I was born in the sect of a sage who explained teachings, I can't see the suffering of living beings. I sincerely worship and explain the teachings to me, recite the teachings, and the blessings will be self-generated."

Guang Chengzi had an inscrutable appearance, pretending to be a big guy.

While the human race below was fighting for food, they nodded repeatedly.

"To actually get food in this way is worthy of the Sage Sect!"

"From today onwards, I will recite the teachings every day and sincerely pray for blessings!"

"Yes, yes, such a saint sect must be well promoted!"

While swallowing the food, all the people muttered in a hurry.

Most of these human ancestors didn't have their own ideas, and most of them just followed the trend and followed what others said.

But apart from these, there is a more critical issue.

That is, these human races are naturally not as far-sighted as Fuxi, and they can only see the immediate benefits, thus ignoring the risks behind them.

As for Guang Chengzi, he was purely arrogant. As a disciple of a sage, he felt that everything was under his control, and he didn't think about it deeper.

Little did he know, things had slipped out of his control.

Among the tribe, Fuxi frowned slightly, and asked, "Old man, is this really all right?"

Yun Xiao shook his head, his slightly cloudy eyes kept staring in the direction of Guangchengzi's cave.

"There will definitely be some troubles at the beginning, but when you continue to suffer from it, some things must be resolved. It is better to resolve them early than to resolve them later."

Hearing Yunxiao's words, Fuxi nodded: "That's the only way to go."


The next day, in front of Guang Chengzi's cave, there were still many human races around. Looking closely, the number of people seemed to have increased a lot compared to yesterday, around ten thousand people!

Guang Chengzi was secretly delighted, the more the number of people, the better the propaganda effect of the Chanjiao Sect.

As for the food for these ten thousand people, for a Taiyi Jinxian like Guang Chengzi, it was nothing at all.


One day, two days, three days, four days, five days...

Slowly over time.

Not only the human race of the Fuxi tribe would come to Guangchengzi's cave to worship the immortal master, but also many nearby tribes gradually came after hearing the news.

After all, Fuxi no longer stopped the behavior of the human race. It was like a river bursting its embankment, and the human race flocked to it.

There are more and more people worshiping the immortal master, and many people even live directly around Guangchengzi's cave.

Finally, after a month, Guang Chengzi finally realized that something was wrong.

Over the past month, the number of people who come to worship every day has increased linearly.

From the first thousand or so people, one month later, hundreds of millions of people come to worship every day!

The human races within a thousand miles have gathered in the Fuxi tribe in order to worship Guangchengzi and obtain food!

There are hundreds of millions of human races in a vast expanse, and it seems that there is no edge at a glance.

And with Guang Chengzi's mana, just providing food to these people every day is enough to consume them all.

You must know that the rations of hundreds of millions of people and the intake of food with mana are a bit too reluctant for a Taiyi Jinxian like Guang Chengzi.

Moreover, the number of people is increasing, where can so many beasts be ingested?

Therefore, Guang Chengzi had to use more mana to ingest food in a wider range.

Gradually, complaints have begun to appear among the human race.

Hearing the complaints from the human race, Guang Chengzi began to feel a little flustered.

Things are starting to get a little out of control!

If this trend continues, I'm afraid that within three days, my mana will start to dry up.

Isn't this shit going to end?

Guang Chengzi felt a little flustered, and at this time, there was a large number of human races outside the tribe, rushing towards this side.

At a rough glance, there are actually tens of millions!

Moreover, each of these human races looked disheveled, obviously, they were all very hungry masters.

"Fuck!"

Guang Chengzi, who is a dignified Taiyi Golden Immortal, couldn't help but swear, and felt trembling in his heart.

And Fuxi, who has been paying attention to this matter in the tribe, also showed a worried look on his face.

On the contrary, Yun Xiao was not in a hurry by the side.

Because of this period of time, she secretly contacted Lin Long and told Lin Long about the human race.

Lin Long told her to follow her own steps, if Guang Chengzi wanted to make trouble, let him make trouble, and see how he ends up in the end!

However, Lin Long reminded Yun Xiao that he must be prepared in advance to prevent these human races from causing trouble.

"Patriarch, it's time for us to prepare. Immortal Master Guangchengzi can last for another two days at most. In these two days, we must collect enough food to support these people's survival."

Hearing this, Fuxi nodded to express his understanding.

"Don't worry, after you told me about this a few days ago, I have collected a lot of food."

Yun Xiao had already told him about this issue before, and Fuxi also secretly sent some trusted human races to store food in secret, so as not to really fail.

Another two days passed.

There are more and more human races surrounding Guangchengzi Cave Mansion.

At this moment, the faces of these people had long since lost the respect they had for Guang Chengzi in the past, and more of them were vicious.

A human race is like a hungry wolf!

Guang Chengzi took food dozens of times in a row, but in front of these hundreds of millions of people, it was just a drop in the bucket.

However, Guang Chengzi's magic power has reached its limit.

After all, let alone a Taiyi Golden Immortal, even a Daluo Golden Immortal will eventually run out of mana. If he doesn't replenish it in time, how can he continue to cast it?

"Food, isn't it agreed that if you praise and teach, you will have food!"

"Could it be that this so-called immortal master is just a liar?"

"That's right! If it's really the Saint Sect, how could it make us hungry!"

"Fake! It must be fake!"


Hundreds of millions of human voices are noisy and bustling.

As for Guang Chengzi who was shrunk in the cave, his face was ugly, and there was a little panic mixed with anger.

If it is possible, he really wants to go out with his sword now, and slaughter all these annoying human races, once and for all, and leave a clean slate.

But the rationality in his heart told Guang Chengzi that if he really did this, then waiting for his result would be worse than death!

Things have completely escaped his control.

With the help of immortal methods, Guang Chengzi continued to preach and teach, causing those human races to breed laziness, and now it's finally time to retaliate.

With the power of the immortal way, meddling in the affairs of the human race, the result is like this.

Lin Long also knew a long time ago that the power of immortality should not interfere with the human race, otherwise, how could it be Guang Chengzi's turn to do this?

Therefore, before Lin Long taught Yunxiao the methods and methods of the development of human civilization, he ordered Yunxiao to teach the human race.

Manpower is sometimes exhausted, and Xianli thinks that there is also a time when it is exhausted!

If you want to solve the troubles of the human race itself, you have to rely on the human race itself after all!

It's a pity that it was too late when Guang Chengzi realized this.

The crowd outside the cave had long been in commotion, causing Guang Chengzi to feel panic and restless in the cave.

"What should I do? What should I do? Should I seek help from fellow apprentice brothers? Or go directly to Master for help?!"

Guang Chengzi was anxious like an ant on a hot pot, and such an idea popped into his mind.

However, after a while, he shook his head and immediately threw this unreliable thought out of his mind.

Not to mention whether Yuanshi Tianzun would spare him after knowing about this matter, even if Yuanshi Tianzun or his brothers really helped, it would not help the matter, it just delayed the time of the turmoil.

Even, the final result will be even worse!

Outside the cave, due to hunger, hundreds of millions of human races have begun to lose control.

Finally, at this time, Fuxi, who hadn't shown up for a long time, finally stood up.

"Everyone, please be quiet and listen to me!"

"Today's matter, I, Fuxi, will help you to solve it, but now, please listen to me quietly first!"

Under Yunxiao's instruction, Fuxi stood on a boulder and shouted loudly.


		