

Seeing the scene of the Wu Clan being expelled from the wilderness by the extermination of the clan, all the ancestral witches were not calm.

Everyone looked at Lin Long excitedly: "Master Witch God! What's going on! Could this picture be the future of my Witch Clan?"

"My lord, please tell me the details!"

"Please tell me, Lord Sorcerer God, in detail!"

It is a matter of the life and death of the witch clan, and the ancestor witches dare not be careless.

Lin Long looked at the crowd, but didn't rush to answer. He glanced at the crowd and said slowly: "This is indeed the future of the witch clan, and it is one of the established futures."

With the perfect law of cause and effect, coupled with his understanding of future generations, Lin Long easily deduced the future of the Wu clan and constructed these pictures.

It is not wrong to say that it is the future of the Wu clan.

Hearing that this is really the future of the witch clan, the expressions on the faces of the ancestor witches suddenly became complicated.

Unwilling, lost, and resentful.

Hou Tu was still thoughtful, and heard something wrong from Lin Long's words, looked up at Lin Long, and asked cautiously: "Master Wu God, you said this is one of the established futures, does that mean that there are other things in the Wu Clan? s future?"

Di Jiang also reacted, and asked excitedly: "Yes, Lord Wushen! Since it is one of the futures, can we choose other futures, can we see other futures?"

Knowing that things were not as bad as they had imagined, the ancestral witches rekindled hope and looked at Lin Long expectantly, wanting to hear the answer they were expecting.

Under the watchful eyes of all the ancestor witches, Lin Long shook his head.

"There are no other pictures."

Now everyone was stunned again.

"Master Witch God, why do you say that? Didn't you say that this is just one of the futures of our Wu Clan? Since it is one, there must be other futures?"

"That's right, Lord Sorcerer God, please tell us."

The members of the Wu tribe are all simple-minded, and they always like to use violence to solve problems.

But one thing has to be admitted, these Wu people really care about their own race.

The clansmen in the clan are really like family members, and rarely have so many internal struggles like other races.

Now hearing that their own race is going to be exterminated, a group of ancestor witches wish to exchange their lives for the future of the witch clan.

Lin Long also took a fancy to this point of the Wu Clan, so he released this picture for these ancestral witches to see.

After all, this is also a matter of revealing the secrets of the heavens. Even if he is the Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian now, and has the blessing of the great luck, it is also uncomfortable to be watched by the heavens.

Since I took such a risk, I still did it, of course I have my own purpose.

After entering the Witch Clan and knowing the whole story of the Witch God, Lin Long knew that his relationship with the Witch Clan must be inseparable.

In this case, it is better to make good use of it.

The calamity of the Lich is a large number of calamities in the prehistoric world, and it is also an important step for Hongjun to promote the perfection of the way of heaven.

If I can make some articles on this and make things change, I will definitely catch Hongjun by surprise.

Now that my realm has surpassed Hongjun, I don't have to be so cautious when doing some things.

Lin Long wanted to change the ending of the Lich's Tribulation.

It was Lin Long's first step to let the ancestral witches of the witch clan know the ending of the original Lich's calamity.

Only when they know the consequences of the matter, can the stubborn guys of the Wu Clan really change.

Sure enough, after this group of ancestor witches knew the fate of the witch clan, there was a change, and they began to worry, looking for a solution.

This is what Lin Long wanted.

Seeing that the emotions of the ancestral witches were almost brewing, Lin Long said.

"The reason why I say this is one of the futures is because the moment I show you this picture, the future has already changed. But in what direction it will change, and what the result will be, we have to wait for the way of heaven to deduce it again." learned."

"And I can't tell you about the changed fate."

"After all, fate, once told, is bound to change."

"The reason why I will tell you this time is because I really don't want to see the extinction of the Wu clan."

The ancestor witches gathered face to face, seeming to be hesitating, and seemed to be making a decision.

Several people muttered and discussed for a while, but Lin Long didn't bother, just looked at them.

After a while, several people finally made a decision.

Di Jiang knelt in front of Lin Long, and said seriously: "Master Witch God, I just want to ask one thing. Would you like to lead my Witch Clan out of this catastrophe?"

Although the identity of Lin Long's witch god has been confirmed, no one can say for sure what Lin Long's attitude towards the witch clan is.

As for whether this future is true or false, all the ancestor witches have also watched the previous clips, and when they are combined together, they will never be wrong.

Di Jiang knew that in the picture, the various things and practices of the ancestors and witches were indeed things that could be done by himself and a group of brothers and sisters.

Because of this, everyone is sure that this future is true or false.

"Since I told you this, I want you to have a chance to change this future."

"This seat is not a witch clan, but since you have already regarded me as a witch god, then this seat will help you."

"At least don't end up with an extermination."

Hearing this reply, Di Jiang finally felt relieved.

"Okay, after that, I'll follow the instructions of the Witch God for everything about the Wu Clan, regardless of the reason!"

Di Jiang really spent his money.

Completely handed over the Wu Clan to Lin Long.

"From today onwards, the Witch Clan and the Monster Clan will no longer have disputes easily."

"I already have a solution to the food and survival problems of the Wu people."

"I have a secret method to open up the world. I will pass it on to you today. When you open up the world of the witch clan, you must open up the world before the Lich calamity comes. Only in this way can you escape this calamity!"

"As for the food supply, this seat will also pass on the technology of animal husbandry and planting to you."

What is the biggest conflict between the Witch Race and the Monster Race? Is it really fighting for world hegemony?

It has never been, the biggest dispute between the Yaozu and the Wuzu is because the Wuzu feeds on the Yaozu!

And the witch clan's appetite is very big, it can be said that they are natural enemies with the monster clan.

The Yaozu is because of the very fast expansion.

Occupied too much prehistoric territory.

The combination of the two led to the intensification of the conflict between the witch clan and the monster clan.

Hongjun also took a fancy to this point, so that the battle between the monster clan and the witch clan started completely!

As long as Lin Long solves these two problems, the remaining problems will naturally be solved with time.

Immediately, Lin Long stretched out his hand, and lightly tapped Dijiang's forehead between his eyebrows.

The world development method and the technology of animal husbandry appeared in Di Jiang's mind.

"Find a suitable person and popularize these technologies among the Wu people."

Looking at the knowledge in his mind, Di Jiang was a little excited, this is a good thing.

But immediately, Di Jiang showed a look of embarrassment on his face.

"Master Witch God, I can order the children of the Witch Clan not to trouble the Monster Clan, but the Monster Clan takes the initiative to provoke our Witch Clan, so what should we do? We can't just endure it like this."

Lin Long had expected that Dijiang would have such a question, and said with a smile: "Don't worry, I will go to the Yaozu in person. After all, if this trend continues, it is not just the Wuzu that will be wiped out."


		