

Nether blood sea, in a hidden cave.

Lin Long's Mosquito Taoist avatar slowly opened his eyes, with a helpless smile on his face.

"The main body is really good at summoning people. If I want to practice, I don't care about my life and death."

"Forget it, anyway, I have already practiced to Daluo Jinxian's consummation. For further questions, let's look for opportunities later."

For nearly ten thousand years, Taoist Mosquito has raised his cultivation level to the perfection of Daluo Jinxian, becoming a first-class existence in the wild.

Of course, the most important thing is to have the experience of body breakthrough.

The main body and the avatar naturally share the practice experience, and there will be no detours.

The avatar practiced to Daluo Jinxian's consummation, as if he had already practiced and practiced again.

There is no bottleneck or anything.

Just as Taoist Mosquito's avatar was about to leave, he suddenly frowned.

"Fellow Daoist has been retreating for many years, and now he is finally out. I came here specially to congratulate you."

I saw Minghe walking into the ashram with two altars of wine in his hands and a smile on his face.

Lin Long's avatar narrowed his eyes slightly, and then smiled again after a moment.

"It turns out to be Fellow Daoist Styx, please sit down quickly, Fellow Daoist Styx, my ashram is deserted, and I don't think Fellow Daoist will be offended."

Ming He waved his hands and said with a smile: "It's not strange, it's not strange, Fellow Daoist is obsessed with cultivation, I can only admire it."

Letting Styx into the dojo, Lin Long secretly guessed Styx's intentions.

"The old guy doesn't go to the Three Treasures Palace for nothing. I just left the customs, and he came to the door. I'm afraid he has been staring at me for a long time."

"Forget it, let's see what you want to do."

Styx cherished his life, and in the future in the wilderness, he refined the famous 480 million blood god sons. The sea of ​​blood will never dry up, and Styx will never die.

It can be seen from this supernatural power alone.

But it's easy to understand after thinking about it.

Styx himself is one of the most powerful men in the prehistoric era, and he is of the same generation as the future saints.

But after Sanqing Nuwa and other great powers proved their way and became holy one after another, Styx's cultivation has been stuck in the quasi-sage realm.

In other words, everyone can only think of a way out.

Facing Taoist Mosquito's avatar, Styx seemed very enthusiastic, took the initiative to open the wine he brought, and conjured up two wine glasses.

"Come, fellow daoist, taste the nectar I brought!"

"Let me tell you, this is a good thing I refined. I am reluctant to take it out for ordinary people. Only when you are here, fellow Taoist, I am willing to take it out and taste it."

As soon as the sealing mud was lifted, the rich aroma of wine penetrated into the nostrils.

Smelling the aroma of the wine, Lin Long's aura kept leaping in his body, and his spiritual consciousness was somewhat clear, but his consciousness was a little hazy.

This wonderful feeling is completely different from the sweet-scented osmanthus brewed by Xi and Chang Xi.

But Lin Long was not in a hurry to hold the wine glass.

The more precious this wine is, the more it means that Styx has something to ask for.

In the past, Taoist Mosquito and Styx were of the same breed. After reading Taoist Mosquito's memory, Lin Long naturally knew what kind of person Styx was.

After looking at Xianniang and Minghe, Lin Long smiled and said, "Fellow Daoist, this wine is really tempting, but you shouldn't come to me just to drink the bar, because it's a waste of time. Why don't you and I drink the wine first?" It's time to talk about business, and it's not too late to drink."

It's not that his avatar is afraid of Styx. After all, the intelligence of the avatar is also controlled by the main body, and he is proficient in various laws. It is not easy to control Styx?

Besides, when he came, Lin Long noticed that Styx's cultivation base was stuck at the peak of Da Luo Jinxian's late stage.

If you really do it, you have no fear at all.

Ming He smiled awkwardly: "Hehe, what did Fellow Daoist say?"

"Forget it."

After pondering for a moment, Styx put down his wine glass and looked at Taoist Mosquito, his eyes became firm at this moment.

Before Lin Long could react, Ming He suddenly stood up and bowed deeply to Lin Long's clone.

Lin Long looked astonished: "Fellow Daoist, what do you mean?"

Ming He said solemnly: "Fellow Taoist please take into account our friendship for many years and lead me into the Dragon God Realm."

"Entering the Dragon God Realm?"

Lin Long's first reaction was that his avatar had been exposed, but the next moment he realized that this was impossible.

When refining this avatar, he thought of the possibility of exposure, so he chose the body of Taoist Mosquito as the outer shell.

Otherwise, with Lin Long's level of cultivation, it would be no problem to create a physical body out of thin air, but it would not be so troublesome to use Taoist Mosquito's physical body.

Now that Styx spoke of the Dragon God Realm, presumably there must be other reasons.

"Why did fellow Taoist say such a thing?"

Lin Long stepped forward to support Ming He, and said, "How can I lead you into the Dragon God Realm?"

But Minghe shook his head with a wry smile: "Don't lie to me, fellow daoist, have you already joined the Cyanwood Dragon God?"

Hearing this, Lin Long frowned slightly, but then relaxed it.

It seems that Styx has really discovered something, but the direction of discovery is just wrong.

The Mosquito Taoist in front of him didn't join Lin Long's command, but Lin Long himself.

However, it is naturally impossible for Lin Long to explain this kind of thing to him.

Since Styx didn't know it was a good thing, he didn't have to worry about being exposed.

"Fellow Daoist, where did you start talking about this?"

Lin Long asked, Na Minghe looked at Lin Long, and said, "Fellow Daoist, you and I have known each other for many years, and we understand each other no matter how we practice."

"Since the last time you fought against the Cyanwood Dragon God and fled back here, your practice has grown rapidly."

"In the prehistoric world, it has already been rumored that there is a secret method leading to the Dao in the Dragon God Realm."

"I, Styx, have nothing else to ask for, I just hope that fellow daoists can see the past and introduce me to the Dragon God Realm to be the same as fellow daoists."

Lin Long finally understood that Ming He just felt that Taoist Mosquito had joined the Dragon God Realm, so his cultivation had grown so fast.

He also said that he was the same as Taoist Mosquito.

If Minghe knew that Daoist Mosquito had been refined into a clone by himself, he would probably be scared and run away at this moment.

However, since he thought so, he might as well follow his way.

On the side of the Yaozu, I have already finished the arrangements with Kunpeng, and the rest will wait for the Lich's calamity to end, and hide the remaining Yaozu under my command.

Once the time is right, let these monster races immediately abandon Hongjun's orthodoxy.

The witch clan has to figure out a way, maybe the status of the witch god can be used.

The rest are the three major sects of Western religion, Heavenly Court, Human Teaching, Interpreting Teaching and Cutting Teaching in the future.

Although he had promised Hongjun that he would let his orthodoxy spread and that he would not intervene, there were some things that were tacitly understood by everyone.

This kind of promise can exist only because there is nothing they can do to each other. Once the balance is broken, this kind of agreement will be invalidated immediately.

So Lin Long also had to make arrangements in advance to guard against that Lao Liu.

If Hongjun wanted to popularize his orthodoxy in the prehistoric world and become the only one in control, he had to cause him some trouble.

Let him pass on these traditions on the surface first, and when he really breaks with him, he can change the world with a decree.

"Styx and the West will be entangled in the future, and the Asura clan under his command will also be a good force in the future."

"You can even use the Asura clan as a springboard to intervene in the six reincarnations of the underworld."

"Okay, then give him some sweets."

In an instant, Lin Long's thoughts turned.

When the clone looked up at Styx again, it also showed a smile.

"Forget it, Fellow Daoist, you also said that we have been friends for so many years, since you have come to the door today, then I will help you."

"But you have to know that joining the Dragon God Realm is not such a simple matter, the so-called gains and losses."

"Friend Daoist, you should have thought about it."


		