

Strictly speaking, the six-eared macaque cannot be regarded as a monster race.

The predecessor of the four spirit monkeys was the Chaos Demon Ape.

After the fall, it re-evolved to give birth to these four spirit monkeys.

But because of its own particularity, it is not included in the six realms of heaven and earth.

So it cannot transform itself.

The six-eared macaque was still fiddling with its newborn appearance, Lin Long called out: "Okay, I still have something to do as a teacher, so follow closely."

"Yes, Master!"

A group of two people, one big and one small, rushed to the vicinity of Buzhou Mountain very quickly.

As soon as he arrived at Buzhou Mountain, Lin Long realized something was wrong.

The six-eared macaque beside him also frowned: "Master, there is a strong smell of blood here."

Although the six-eared macaque is not a monster race, it is common to fight with monster races.

Being able to distinguish the smell of blood is naturally not surprising.

In fact, the killing of creatures in the prehistoric world is the main theme now, and all resources need to be robbed.

Lin Long didn't speak, but narrowed his eyes slightly.

It wasn't just the smell of blood that was wrong here.

at this time!

In the grass below, a shout of anger entered Lin Long's ears.

"What a monster race! I drove you away just now, and now I'm back again. I really can't hold back against you monster race!"

Before Lin Long could speak, a figure rose up from below!

It's not flying, it's really rising from the ground!

Lin Long only heard a loud noise, and the ground below sank into a large piece, as if the ground was chopped into pieces by a hundred-foot-large spider web.

Immediately afterwards, a seemingly delicate fist hit Lin Long head-on!

"Don't hurt my master!"

The six-eared macaque roared.

The appearance of the child disappeared, and turned into a giant ape hundreds of feet tall.

Huge fists collided with delicate fists.

boom!

With such a huge disparity in body size, a tongue-in-cheek scene happened.

It saw the figure of the six-eared macaque flying upside down, crashing into two hilltops one after another, and then stopped.

Thinking about getting up again, he was already seriously injured.

"Hmph, you dare to fight this ancestor witch! I really don't know how to write the word dead!"

"But you, a monkey, can take a single punch from this ancestor witch and survive, which is considered to be somewhat capable."

"You monkey can leave, I will spare your life."

After speaking, the figure turned his gaze to Lin Long.

After Lin Long confirmed that Liu Er was only injured and his life was not in danger, he was not in a hurry, and looked at the figure with slightly raised brows.

At this time, it was discovered that the person who had just started was actually a woman.

This woman is dressed differently from the prehistoric fairy. The clothes on her body are all made of animal skins, and her skin is not as white as snow, but has a healthy wheat color.

Although the limbs are not as strong as men, but the muscle lines are very obvious. With this skin color, it gives people a sense of toughness, and it looks full of wildness.

Now Buzhou Mountain is the territory of the witch clan, and according to what she said just now, it should be a battle with the monster clan. Judging by his cultivation, this person must be one of the twelve ancestor witches!

Among the twelve ancestral witches, two of them are women, namely Houtu and Xuanming.

I just don't know who this one is.

Lin Long explained with a smile: "Your Excellency may have misunderstood. My disciple and I are not from the monster clan, but just passing by here."

"Hmph! You are really fooling me when you think of me as a descendant! How dare you say that the monkey behind you is not a monster? Then where did the monster body come from?"

"And you! Don't think I didn't notice! You also have the aura of the demon clan!"

Well, it's really hard to tell now.

The six-eared macaque showed its true body, and in the eyes of these unknowing prehistoric creatures, it was the monster clan.

As for Lin Long, the Dragon Clan, although there was no such thing as the Monster Clan when the Dragon Clan existed, but with the development of the times, the Dragon Clan was indeed planned as a kind of Monster Clan.

Besides, he is now the avatar of Daoist Mosquito, and he can barely be classified as a demon clan, so there is nothing wrong with Hou Tu saying so.

Fortunately, Lin Long figured out the other party's identity.

Houtu Ancestral Witch, one of the twelve ancestor witches of the witch clan, will incarnate in the six realms of reincarnation in the future, complement the prehistoric world, and become the figure who controls the tunnel.

It stands to reason that having such an idea should be a person who is easy to talk to.

At least in Lin Long's imagination, this should be a character similar to Nu Wa.

However, the fact surprised Lin Long.

Houtu's pungentness completely exceeded his imagination.

Seeing that Lin Long didn't speak, Houtu felt that he had exposed the other party's lie, and proudly said: "Huh, I have nothing to say, and this ancestor witch will not make things difficult for you, just like that monkey, if you take my punch, you can live I will let you go."

Lin Long shook his head hehe.

It seems that we still have to do it.

Forget it, I am also curious about the physical body of the Wu clan.

Now Lin Long has the law of strength in his hands, and his physical realm has reached the quasi-sage level, and he is only one line away from Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian.

He wanted to see what it would be like to suppress his realm to be equal to Houtu.

"Okay, then I will learn how powerful the Wu Clan is!"

Immediately, Lin Long immediately changed the cultivation of the avatar and the main body.

This is the difference between puppet clones and ordinary clones, which can be called anytime and anywhere, and can hide the breath of the body.

Seeing Lin Long's nonchalant expression, Hou Tu felt that he had been provoked, and immediately decided to teach Lin Long a lesson.

"Okay, then try my punch!"

The voice fell, and Houtu's fists followed.

With one punch, the air exploded, and there was a turmoil in the space.

The fist has not yet reached the body, but the power has already been conveyed.

Feeling this force, a smile appeared on Lin Long's face.

"Not bad, it's really good, good, then I'll give you a hard punch!"

I saw Lin Long raised his fist, seemingly slowly but quickly, without any fancy preparations, and punched out.

boom! ! !

The fierce collision exploded between the two fists.

With the two of them at the center, a wave of air swept across thousands of miles.

Trees several feet tall were uprooted under the blast.

After a few breaths, the aftermath stabilized.

Then look at Lin Long standing there with his hands behind his back, as if nothing happened.

On the other hand, Houtu's hair was disheveled, and the animal skin clothes on his body were torn a little, revealing a lot of spring.

However, Houtu didn't care about these.

At this moment, she was looking at Lin Long in disbelief.

Lin Long smiled faintly: "Don't be surprised, my physical realm is higher than yours, and it's normal that I haven't been defeated by you."

He felt that Houtu's expression was because he was too confident in his physical strength and was hit by himself.

It can be next second.

thump!

Hou Tu, who was still invincible just now, suddenly knelt down in front of Lin Long.

"This junior doesn't know about the visit of the Sorcerer God, so he dares to offend, and asks the Sorcerer God to come down!"


The sudden change made Lin Long frown.

I came to investigate the fact that I was regarded as a witch god.

But Lin Long was sure that the Twelve Patriarchs had never seen his clone of Taoist Mosquito.

You must know that this avatar has even changed its breath.

How did Houtu see himself?

"Well, did you recognize the wrong person?" Lin Long asked tentatively.

Seeing the kneeling Houtu, he firmly shook his head.

"Master Witch God is just joking, how can I wait for the Witch Clan to recognize your breath, and how can I not recognize it."

"All the witches were born because of you, if you still admit it wrong, then you really deserve to die!"


		