

Looking at these blindly worshiping creatures, Kunpeng sneered in his heart.

These guys are at most just here to join in the fun, how could Lord Dragon God pay attention to them?

As long as Lord Dragon God doesn't intend to show up, it's impossible for these creatures to find any clues to the Dragon God Realm!

Immediately, Kunpeng simply closed his dojo, even though there were crowds of people on the North Sea, he couldn't see it.


Let's talk about Hongjun.

Hongjun was forced to retreat by Lin Long again this time, and the fear of Lin Long in his heart has reached the extreme!

He finally discovered that every time he met Lin Long, Lin Long would give him different degrees of 'surprises'.

When I first met Lin Long, this guy was not my opponent, and I could handle him easily, but at that time it was inconvenient to fight him because I was afraid of Luo Hu's existence.

But now, Lin Long has grown to the point where he can easily defuse his own attacks at will!

Even, he can isolate himself from the power of heaven!

You know, just now I used the power of heaven, but in the end there was a slight delay. It was the moment of delay that Lin Long seized the opportunity!

This is already very telling.

In ten thousand years, Lin Long's cultivation has improved again!

Thinking of this, Hongjun felt depressed for a while.

Why is it so difficult to improve one's own cultivation, but Lin Long's improvement is as easy as eating and drinking water?

"This Lin Long is really just an innate creature, and not some Chaos Demon God pretending to be?"

An outrageous thought involuntarily popped up in Hongjun's mind.

You know, he himself is the orthodox Chaos Demon God, and his cultivation speed is many times faster than those innate creatures in the wild.

As a result, he was surpassed by Lin Long again and again!

This is so outrageous!

The reason why he couldn't figure it out was naturally simple. Lin Long had the blessings of the Great Dao on his body, and enlightenment was as simple as eating and drinking water, and he could also come to a few supernatural powers from time to time to comprehend.

After reaching the realm of Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian, the improvement of cultivation is no longer relying on hard work, but more importantly, it is the perception of Tao.

In this regard, Lin Long's advantage is much greater than that of Hongjun, the Chaos Demon God!

After all, who can resist the epiphany from time to time?

However, it is impossible for Hongjun to know this reason.

After leaving Beihai, Hongjun returned to Zixiao Palace with a depressed mood, and forcibly calmed down.

Because he had to calm himself, otherwise he would not be able to plan for the future.

This time his own plan was once again broken by Lin Long, which really made him lose his composure and lose the demeanor of Daozu.

But in fact, this kind of thing is far from being unacceptable to Hongjun, that is to say, it has not touched his bottom line.

Otherwise, instead of fighting Lin Long, he would directly wreak havoc and destroy the prehistoric world.

"Thousands of years have passed since the last sermon, and it's time for Zixiao Palace to open again!"

"This time, we must carry out the work of the saint. With the saint to share our worries, I can also concentrate on dealing with this Cyanwood Dragon God!"

After this battle, Hongjun has completely regarded Lin Long as his destined opponent, and no longer has the slightest intention of despising him.

Originally on the fate list in Hongjun's heart, Luo Hu has always been firmly in the top spot, and even Hongjun has always regarded Luo Hu as his biggest competitor.

Who knew that the situation was so reversed now, Lin Long was like a dark horse, directly soaring to the top of the fate list, leaving Luo Hu far behind, and he couldn't even pull him back.

If it is said that Luo Hu and Hongjun were just a dispute over orthodoxies, then the current relationship between Lin Long and Hongjun is a contradiction between ruling the prehistoric from the root!

As long as Lin Long is around for a day, it is impossible for him to plan successfully!

At the same time, both Hongjun and Lin Long are also very clear that the reason why the two sides have not fought to the death is because neither side is sure that they can completely win the other side!

Moreover, they can't bear the consequences if they can't take each other down!

Once either party's cultivation base breaks through and can crush the opponent, then the opponent will be dealt with immediately!

Of course, not only Hongjun, but Lin Long also had the same idea.

Although his cultivation base is not weaker than Hongjun's now, he still has the repaired Chaos Spirit Treasure, Chaos Orb, on hand.

But it's not that simple to kill Hongjun completely!

For example, Hongjun's power of heaven is very tricky.

The Chaos Orb can block the power of heaven for a moment, but it cannot block it forever, otherwise, Lin Long would not let Hongjun leave today!


In the blink of an eye, another century has passed.

The turmoil caused when the Dragon God Realm appeared in the prehistoric times a hundred years ago gradually subsided.

Hongjun has also been observing the reactions of all the great powers in Zixiao Palace.

It wasn't until the minds of all living beings in the wilderness gradually stabilized that they sent the voice of heaven to the wilderness again.

"Ten thousand years have passed. Starting today, Zixiao Palace will open again. Anyone who is destined can come to Zixiao Palace to listen to the Tao. This time I will explain the way of quasi-sage!"

Hongjun's voice is like Huang Zhong Dalu, resounding in the hearts of all living beings.

He spent a lot of time thinking, and directly emphasized that he should talk about the way of quasi-sage this time.

Those creatures couldn't find the entrance to the Dragon God Realm, so they must come to Zixiao Palace!

There was a sound of panic, and suddenly, the prehistoric beings who were busy with various things at hand were shocked.

"Zixiao Palace has opened again!"

"The way of quasi-sage! This is the realm above Daluo!"

"The Dao ancestor really wanted to pass on this kind of practice method, no, this time Zixiao Palace listens to the Tao, I have to go no matter what!"

"The quasi-sage's practice method, after this method is passed down, Honghuang will no longer be the world of Daluo Consummation, but I don't know what state Daozu and Qingmulongshen are in now..."

Countless powers swarmed towards Zixiao Palace.

Not for anything else, just for myself not to be left behind by other prehistoric creatures!

After all, everyone is a practitioner, and they all know how tempting this quasi-sage law is.

Moreover, whoever masters the method of cultivation in the wild is equivalent to holding the ticket to the top powerhouse.

As for those creatures who could not reach Zixiao Palace, they were destined to be left behind by these listeners.

Hong Huang's hierarchical system has been faintly revealed in Hongjun's two sermons.


Inside the Zixiao Palace, people were crowded.

The great experts who had been here last time naturally found their place with ease.

Because of Lin Long's intervention, the futons at the front no longer have any special meaning, and can only be used for ordinary practice.

And there are not too many places in the main hall, just three thousand, that is, three thousand guests in the Zixiao Palace in the future.

However, unlike last time, Hongjun did not close the gate of Zixiao Palace this time!

Because in the open space outside the main hall of Zixiao Palace, there were also many creatures who came here, and these people naturally came to listen to the sermon.

Since Hongjun decided to preach on Honghuang, and because of Lin Long, a troublemaker, Hongjun also changed his mind.

Soon, Hongjun led the heavens Qingyun to appear in Zixiao Palace, and slowly opened his originally closed eyes, looking down at all the creatures.

It wasn't until it was confirmed that Lin Long hadn't come to make trouble again that Hongjun's tense heartstrings were relieved.

"Qingmu Dragon God, after this sermon is over, I will decide on a candidate for a saint, and then I will have a good fight with you!"

The time had come, and Hongjun, who was above the clouds in the sky, spoke slowly.

"The way of quasi-sage is to prepare for proving the way and becoming a saint. Before explaining the method of quasi-sage, we need to talk to you about the way of saints."

"A sage, omniscient and omnipotent, immortal, can overwhelm the world in one year, and reflect three thousand laws with one word!"

"Words follow the law, and all laws cannot be added to the body."

Hearing Hongjun's words, the breaths of all the creatures below became short of breath!

The law of a saint!

Just listening to the power of this saint is enough to make people yearn for it.

Immortal and immortal, omniscient and omnipotent, who wouldn't want to?

At this time, the wonderful method to achieve such a cultivation level is about to appear before the eyes, and all living beings and spiritual powers all feel that this trip is worthwhile!

Before Hongjun finished speaking, he paused for a moment, and then continued to speak: "However, the way of a sage is difficult to achieve. I have explored in every possible way, but now I only found three methods."

"First, to prove the Tao with strength! Use your own great cultivation as the great magic power to forcefully break the confinement, sanctify the body, and prove the Tao is extraordinary!"

"To practice this method, you must have your own magic power as deep as the sea, and your body as rocky, so that there is a chance!"

The method of proving the Tao with force, in fact, is to prove the Tao with the law!

That is, the orthodox path of Chaos Demon God's practice.

If the original plan was followed, Hongjun would explain in detail how difficult the method of proving the Tao with force is with all living beings in the wild, so that these creatures can compare how easy it is to prove the way of beheading three corpses.

In this case, these creatures will choose to kill the three corpses to prove the way.

But the situation is different now. Lin Long has successfully proved the way through the law. If Hongjun explained it in detail, it might have a counterproductive effect. Therefore, Hongjun simply said a few words and stopped talking about the way.

In the dark place of the void, Lin Long stood in the small space formed by the chaotic beads, listening to Hongjun's sermon with a smile on his lips.

"This old thing actually has to play tricks when preaching."


		