

After leaving Buzhou Mountain, Lin Long finally breathed a sigh of relief.

"Phew, Nuwa is really getting clingier now."

Thinking back to the scene just now, good guy, making out with his younger sister in front of his elder brother, isn't this a bit too much?

It's also fortunate that the current Fuxi admires him more, otherwise he would have to turn against him?

At that time, if Fuxi really turned against him, should he snatch Nuwa and run away, or should he snatch Nuwa and Fuxi's treasures and run away?

Shaking his head, Lin Long put these unreliable thoughts to the back of his mind and planned to find a dojo.

Bu Zhoushan and his party have benefited a lot by themselves, and now they can break through to the Hunyuan Golden Immortal with only one kick.

But this is a matter of chance, there is no rush.

Lin Long decided to go through all the things he had learned, maybe he could find some loopholes and make up for them.

After all, safety comes first, and he is naturally worried if he is not fully prepared.

And this may also allow yourself to break through faster.

"Yes!"

A flash of inspiration suddenly appeared in Lin Long's mind.

How to consolidate what you have learned is the most effective and easiest? That is to use what I have learned so far to create another exercise.

Although the dragon, phoenix, and unicorn clans now all have their own cultivation methods, they do not have cultivation methods above the Da Luo realm.

There is no way to refine the body.

Although Lin Long realized the Dao of Good Fortune Jue and Dao of Body Forging Jue by relying on his comprehension, it would be troublesome to practice these two methods separately.

After cultivating the primordial spirit, one has to cultivate the physical body!

If I can integrate the Dao Fortune Jue and the Dao Body Exercise Jue that I have mastered, and develop a method suitable for cultivation, wouldn't it be just right?

Just do what you say, Lin Long immediately found a random mountain top, and started to deduce it like this.

For Lin Long now, spiritual energy is not that important to him anymore.

What can really improve him is his understanding of the Tao and the tempering of his physical body.

What's more, the current prehistoric aura is full of aura, even a random hill is much stronger than the fairy mountains of later generations.

As time passed bit by bit, Lin Long continued to deduce the exercises.

On Sanxian Island, after what happened last time, the three clans finally began to gradually let go of their estrangement.

The Feng Clan and the Qilin Clan finally confirmed that Lin Long really wanted to protect them, not to catch himself all at once.

Gradually, all three clans recognized Lin Long's identity.

Over time, the three clans even began to enshrine Lin Long.

During the practice, Lin Long suddenly felt clear in his mind.

[You are worshiped by the creatures of the three races, gain the power of faith, comprehend the Dao of Faith, and currently comprehend 1%]

Lin Long was taken aback.

"What's the situation, I didn't do anything, but I can still comprehend the Dao?"

After carefully reading the prompt in his mind again, Lin Long finally realized that it was the three tribes on Sanxian Island who were offering him sacrifices!

Lin Long is naturally very familiar with the power of faith. In fact, this thing is similar to the merits of incense in later generations.

It's just called differently.

The six sages of heaven and earth were born in the later generations, and they fought hard for this thing.

This thing can help practitioners practice, and it can even be effective for saints of heaven and earth, so it is considered a good thing.

However, Lin Long did not intend to practice with the power of faith.

Although the power of faith can improve strength quickly, monks who use this method will also fall deeper and deeper on this road.

In the end, I forgot how to practice myself.

Lin Long has a big pursuit, how could he be stopped by this thing.

But now that you have it, there is no reason to give up.

"correct!"

Lin Long waved his hand, and the body of Taoist Mosquito appeared in front of him in his sleeve robe.

Although Taoist Mosquito's true spirit has been annihilated by himself, his body is not decayed.

"There have been too many things during this time, and he has been forgotten. Daoist Mosquito's body can just be refined into a puppet clone."

Now Lin Long's identity has been exposed in front of Hongjun Luohu, and everything he wants to do is closely watched.

Refining a clone can save a lot of trouble.

Taoist Mosquito is the first six-winged black mosquito in the prehistoric era, with great potential. Now if he slowly nourishes it with the power of faith, he might be able to make further progress.

Do it as soon as you think about it, the refinement of the avatar is not troublesome for Lin Long now, but Lin Long doesn't like the simple avatar, if he wants to refine it, he must refine a perfect one.

Fortunately, I have the two supernatural powers of transforming a fetus into shape and deriving Yang Yuan.

After tinkering with it, he injected a ray of spiritual consciousness into it, and Taoist Mosquito slowly opened his closed eyes.

Lin Long looked at Taoist Mosquito in front of him, and Taoist Mosquito also looked at himself.

This feeling is very strange, if you want to, you can share the perspective of Taoist Mosquito at any time.

"I've seen fellow Taoists."

Taoist Mosquito bowed to Lin Long.

Lin Long smiled slightly: "There is no need to be too polite, you and I are alone."

"From today onwards, you will be Daoist Mosquito, traveling through the wild for me."

Taoist Mosquito on the opposite side nodded: "Don't worry, Fellow Daoist, if there is anything difficult to come forward, just let me do it."

Lin Long thought for a while, and then took out a long blood-colored needle from his bosom.

"This blood mosquito needle is the natal magic weapon of Taoist Mosquito. Now that you have inherited his identity, bring this thing along with you. Find time to refine it."

Taoist Mosquito's avatar nodded and didn't say much.

"Fellow Daoist, if nothing happens, I will leave first."

"Well, you can leave on your own. Afterwards, the power of faith of the three races will gather on you to help you practice."

Although it is a clone, Lin Long's refining techniques are extremely delicate, not only can he break through the realm, but even retain some of the supernatural powers of Taoist Mosquito's predecessor.

This is also Lin Long's intention to preserve Taoist Mosquito's body, otherwise, if he can't keep his supernatural powers, then the refining of this avatar would be meaningless.

As long as you don't want to, absolutely no one will find out that the current Daoist Mosquito is no longer the Daoist Mosquito in the past.

With the avatar, Lin Long can continue to deduce the exercises with peace of mind.

time flies.

For hundreds of years, Luo Hu and Hong Jun hadn't moved at all.

Both parties were like Lin Long, as if they had disappeared.

But on this day, a strong fluctuation erupted suddenly on the mountain where Lin Long was located.

Stars are shining in the sky, golden lotuses are gushing from the ground, and the wonderful sound of the Dao is endless.

Immediately afterwards, there was a burst of laughter.

"Hahaha, good! That's great!"

I didn't expect that the day when this technique was forged was the day when I, the Hunyuan Golden Immortal, would achieve it!

Lin Long laughed loudly. At the same time as he combined the Great Way of Creation and the Great Way of Forging Body, the bottleneck of his cultivation that had been stuck was also loosened.

What is there to wait for, Lin Long immediately seized the opportunity and directly stepped into the realm of the Primordial Golden Immortal!

That is, the quasi-sage within the Dao of Heaven!

Different from the false saints of the patriarchs of the three clans, Lin Long really has both the laws of the flesh body and the mana of the primordial spirit at this level.

Under the accumulation of accumulation, Lin Long's strength has also undergone earth-shaking changes.

If Lin Long now fights against Hongjun Luohu, he no longer has to worry about self-protection.

After all, those two now have not broken through to the realm of saints.

As for the achievement of the realm of a saint, it must be after the two battles that Hongjun became a saint with the help of the way of heaven.

Although this day may not be very far away, Lin Long has caught up one step after all.

As long as you enter this realm, the next step is to improve step by step.

"Before reaching Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian, raise all my laws to perfection."

"Hongjun, Luohu, you all have bad intentions for me. I don't know what kind of expressions you will have when you find out that I am already in the quasi-sage realm."

These two old boys were not very friendly to him, and Lin Long didn't like these two old boys.

At a time when this prehistoric creature has no path to quasi-sage, breaking through his own realm will definitely catch Hongjun and the others by surprise!

And I am half safe in the wild.

Of course, if you want to achieve absolute safety, you must achieve the realm above Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian!

Hunyuan Wuji Luo Jinxian!

That is, beyond the way of heaven!


		