

Seeing Zhao Gongming and San Xiao's respectful appearance, Lin Long nodded, and lifted them up with a wave of his hands.

"Get up."

"My teacher's name is Lin Long. I think you can guess that the teacher's body is a green dragon. In the prehistoric world, many creatures call the teacher the Green Wood Dragon God. Over time, this can be regarded as the name of the teacher. .”

"As for the location of the teacher's Taoist place, it is Sanxian Island! This trip is to travel to the prehistoric world and understand the world, and there is no plan to go back for the time being. Since you have entered the teacher's door, let's stay by the teacher's side for the time being. If there is any confusion in practice, I will be able to guide you as a teacher."

In fact, Lin Long had no scruples about accepting Zhao Gongming and San Xiao as his disciples.

With his current strength, even Hongjun and Luo Hu could not pose any threat to him in the entire prehistoric world.

Of course, he would not slack off because of this, after all, who knew that the two old sixths would fight, and Hongjun would prove the truth after the fight.

Therefore, my time is still very tight.

As for accepting these disciples, on the one hand, Lin Long wanted to pass on the Dharma he cultivated, and on the other hand, he also wanted to use this to verify some of his conjectures.

After all, how could Lin Long, who upholds the principle of safety first, do such useless work?

Of course, only Lin Long knew what Lin Long was thinking. Zhao Gongming and San Xiao nodded immediately when they heard this.

In their view, this is a great thing!

Why are the mounts and boys around Da Neng so popular?

That's because the principle of being close to the water first gets the moon, no matter which world you are in.

Following the side of the mighty, even without guidance, just observing the actions of the mighty can benefit a lot.

The four quickly saluted, and said respectfully: "Yes, I will obey Master's decree."

The purpose of Lin Long's coming here was for the twenty-four Dinghai Pearls. Now that the purpose has been achieved, there is no point in staying here any longer. He looked around and thought to himself.

"Dinghai Pearl is placed in the Chaos Pearl to warm up. I can't rush it for a while. Now that I have four disciples, I might as well travel around in a good place in the prehistoric world."

"The best places in the prehistoric period are nothing more than Buzhou Mountain, Kunlun Mountain, etc., but Buzhou Mountain has already been explored, and Kunlun Mountain is worth visiting as the ancestral line of the prehistoric, but it is a pity that Sanqing is entrenched there. , After the past, it is bound to meet them face to face."

He is naturally not afraid of Sanqing. With his current strength, even if Sanqing join forces, he can easily crush them.

It's just that this kind of battle without the slightest benefit is meaningless, and Lin Long is naturally unwilling to spend his energy.

Besides, there are four disciples by my side, and when I come to find someone to fight for no reason, it's a shame to do it.

"Forget it, those three little bastards in Kunlun Mountain can handle it at any time, so let's not rush for a while."

Lin Long raised his eyes to look at the sky, and his eyes fell outside the ancient starry sky.

"Before, I only focused on exploring the Great Desolate Land, and all I learned were supernatural powers related to the Great Desolate Land. I forgot that the Great Desolate Land is not only the land, but also the ancient starry sky. There is also a different scene inside."

Lin Long's current laws and supernatural powers are enough, and he can't eat too much. He doesn't care whether he can comprehend supernatural powers during this trip, what he cares about is a breakthrough in his own state of mind.

After all, he is now a Hunyuan Golden Immortal, and the next step is Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian. This kind of realm requires the most insight.

"Okay, let's explore the ancient starry sky! Disciples follow, and I will show you the ancient starry sky as a teacher!"

The voice fell, and Lin Long's figure rose into the sky.

Zhao Gongming, San Xiao and the others didn't dare to neglect, they quickly flew up, followed Lin Long's footsteps towards the ancient starry sky.

The cultivation bases of these guys are not high, so the flying speed is naturally not fast. Lin Long also took care of it intentionally, so his speed also slowed down a lot.

However, even so, in less than a day, several people have arrived in the ancient starry sky.

This place is different from the prehistoric land, with countless stars, large and small, floating everywhere.

Some of these stars are pregnant with life, while others are completely dead like wreckage.

"Master, this is the ancient starry sky, and there is nothing strange about it."

Bi Xiao poked his head and looked around for a while, looking at the desolate scene, he just felt bored.

"Little sister, don't talk nonsense, Master has his own plan."

Yun Xiao glared at Bi Xiao and scolded him.

But Lin Long ignored what they said, but looked at the starry sky in front of him, with a meaningful smile on his face.

"Unexpectedly, in this ancient starry sky, there are innate restrictions hidden."

The ancient starry sky in front of me is not the real starry sky!

If ordinary creatures see this scene, they will be blinded like Bi Xiao.

However, Lin Long has the pupil of the Dao. Even though he didn't open it, he can still somewhat sense that this place is covered by a restriction.

"Since it's so mysterious, then I have to take a closer look, the pupil of the Dao!"

With a low shout, a huge golden pupil slowly emerged from behind Lin Long.

Countless golden lights burst out from that eye, shining in this desolate ancient starry sky.

In an instant, the scene in front of several people changed!

Countless stars are arranged in an orderly manner, forming a formation indistinctly!

Seeing this situation, San Xiao and Zhao Gongming opened their mouths in surprise.

"This, this is..."

"Don't talk! Master is displaying supernatural powers, this is to see through the formation covering the ancient starry sky at a glance!"

"My master, the master can see through such a powerful formation at a glance. What kind of supernatural power is this? With this kind of supernatural power, I am afraid that no matter what the formation is, it will be like a child's play in front of the master!"

"Master's method is not something we can speculate on. Let's watch quietly. Even if we can get a glimpse of it, it is enough for us to benefit for a lifetime."

San Xiao and Zhao Gongming looked at Lin Long, and their adoration and admiration for Lin Long in their hearts increased countless times again!

Lin Long ignored the four little ones at the moment.

After casting the Pupil of the Great Dao, the scene hidden by the prohibition of the ancient starry sky has been fully displayed in front of Lin Long.

With the improvement of Lin Long's cultivation base, the pupil of the Dao has gradually become a master.

All kinds of formations are only in Lin Long's eyes!

After breaking the formation, Lin Long didn't move forward in a hurry. Instead, he looked at the countless stars, big and small, and began to observe them.

[You observe the hidden formation in the ancient starry sky and successfully comprehend the formation: Zhou Tian Xingdou Grand Formation]

As the reminder appeared, a smile appeared on the corner of Lin Long's mouth.

"It seems that in the future, the Zhoutian Xingdou Great Formation comprehended by the Heavenly Court of the Monster Race will also come from this formation. It is only because Taiyi possesses the Chaos Clock. Using this treasure as the eye of the formation can completely complete the formation. Some disadvantages of this array make the power even higher!"

"And this formation and Taiyi's Chaos Clock are probably complementary. In this way, unless Taiyi's Chaos Clock is snatched, this formation will not be very effective."

After figuring this out, Lin Long lost interest, raised his hand lightly, and the formation in front of him scattered like a dream.

You can't just press and beat Tai Yi and then steal his Chaos Clock, right?

After all, this Taiyi is one of the key figures in the Lich's calamity in the future. Such an approach involves too much cause and effect, and the gain outweighs the gain.

"Let's go, go in and have a look, this is the real Primordial Starry Sky!"

Zhao Gongming and the others nodded. Seeing such a miraculous scene, they all became interested, and they were no longer as bored as before.

Following Lin Long's footsteps, stepping over the formation, the world turned upside down in an instant, and when he opened his eyes again, the scene inside the forbidden area came into view, which stunned Zhao Gongming and the others.

The boundless star field, the fluorescent stars, the starlight sprinkled, turned into the Nine Heavens Milky Way.

The stars in the sky are orderly, the arrangement is miscellaneous but not chaotic, and it has its own laws of operation.

The moon, the sun, and the two stars echo each other from a distance, and the distance between them is unknown.

Although they are far apart, the aura of the two is connected.

This place is not at all narrower than the prehistoric land, on the contrary it is even wider!

"Wow, this is the real ancient starry sky, so beautiful!"

Women have a better sense of beauty, even immortals are no exception.

San Xiao looked at the scene in front of him, and the first thing he thought of was not the law of all things, but that this place was very beautiful.

On the other hand, Zhao Gongming frowned slightly.

There is no law of five elements here, and even the laws of space and time are vague, but vaguely, there seem to be some other laws and laws.

Lin Long saw Zhao Gongming's doubts, and explained: "The Primordial Starry Sky and the Great Desolation are one, but they are different. It's not that there is no five-element law here, but that the five-element law here is suppressed by other laws. "

"After all, the Great Desolation was derived from the five-element law, and filled with earth, fire, feng shui and suppressed. If there were no five-element law, these many stars and the sun and the moon would not have appeared."

Hearing Lin Long's explanation, Zhao Gongming nodded, and Sanxiao over there also recovered from the beautiful scenery, and said immediately: "Master, it is said that the sun star and the lunar star govern thousands of stars. Since we Come here, do you want to travel above these two stars?"

"To see these two stars?"

Lin Long pondered for a moment, but did not refuse: "Forget it, since you have such an idea, I will take you to see it as a teacher, but these two stars are the owner's property, and if you don't allow it, don't make mistakes."

Although he wasn't afraid of the creatures bred on these two stars, he didn't want to do it for no reason.

No benefit, isn't it a waste of effort to do it?

As for snatching the treasures of Di Jun and his gang, Lin Long didn't even think about it.

Hetu Luoshu and Chaos Clock are the accompanying treasures of the brothers Di Jun and Tai Yi. After snatching them, it is equivalent to directly changing the trajectory of the prehistoric world.

If you want treasures, just wait until the future to find a way to get them. There is no point in destroying the cause and effect before the calamity begins.


		