

Hearing Houtu's words, the corners of Lin Long's eyes twitched.

Good guy, I meant to come over quietly to take a look, but it turned out that it was exposed as soon as I arrived here.

However, Lin Long was still very curious. What he had hidden should be good. How could Houtu recognize him as soon as he fought.

Lin Long could feel the impact of the punch just now, and after Hou Tu realized his identity, he stopped immediately.

Even at the expense of hurting herself.

It is absolutely impossible to make a decision without hesitation.

In other words, as soon as he touched him, Houtu was 100% sure that he was the witch god of the witch clan.

Lin Long sighed, since he was discovered, there was no need to hide.

"Get up."

Houtu stood up, still a little cautious.

Lin Long asked curiously: "Why do you conclude that I am a witch god?"

Houtu said: "Returning to Lord Wushen, in addition to combining the blood of Pan Gu's father, our Wu clan was also fortunate to have a ray of charm from your enlightenment when we were born."

"It is this ray of charm that gave my Twelve Ancestors the primordial spirit."

"what!"

Lin Long's heart skipped a beat, and he looked at Houtu in shock.

Regardless of other things, Lin Long hastily stretched out his divine sense and enveloped Houtu.

Houtu lowered his head shyly, it would be impolite to probe others with spiritual thoughts, unless it was the closest Taoist couple.

After all, under the divine sense, there are no secrets at all.

It is equivalent to every inch of skin in the body, which has been scanned from the inside to the outside.

Lin Long couldn't care so much at this time, and the strange thing was that Houtu didn't refuse either.

He just lowered his head, not daring to look at Lin Long again.

Even the wheat-colored complexion has obviously darkened a bit.

After some detection, Lin Long heaved a sigh of relief.

"There really is a primordial spirit."

The witch clan should have been infected by the primordial spirit and completely combined with the physical body, making it indistinguishable.

But after some detection just now, Houtu did have a not-so-weak primordial spirit in his body, but it was imprisoned in the body, and because the body was too strong, he couldn't use Taoism.

However, it is still possible to understand the Dao.

"That's not a big deal."

What Lin Long is most worried about is that for his own sake, he will create an extremely powerful race that will completely disrupt the prehistoric world. Then he will have to bear all the karma.

He only wanted to disturb Hongjun, but he didn't want to completely disturb Honghuang.

The body of the Wu Clan is too strong, Lin Long could feel the collision just now.

Although it is not his opponent, but against other creatures, the power of the witch clan is absolutely crushing.

If there is the support of the soul, this race will be against the sky, and the monster race is simply not enough.

Fortunately, the way of heaven is orderly.

Although the Wu clan has a primordial spirit, they can't use it. They can only make their minds clearer and less irritable, which is a good thing.

Thinking of this, Lin Long looked at Houtu again, and it seemed that Houtu's clear mind was not reflected in Houtu.

Houtu still lowered his head at this moment, with a shy expression on his face.

Only then did Lin Long realize that he had been rude just now.

Coughing twice in embarrassment, Lin Long said: "This time it was a misunderstanding. Now that it's solved, there's no need to do it anymore. The one you just sent flying is my new disciple. Let's save him first. There are spirit fruits here."

"No, no, Lord Sorcerer God, don't worry, this is my hand, I will treat it."

Houtu waved his hands shyly, before Lin Long could speak again, he had already run to the six-eared macaque.

At this moment, the six-eared macaque has passed out, and its figure has changed back to that of a child.

Hou Tu stretched out his hand, and gently put it on the six-eared macaque's chest.

A breath of vitality exuded along the Houtu meridian and entered the body of the six-eared macaque.

The comatose six-eared macaque quickly recovered from its injuries.

Soon Lin Long noticed that the eyelids of the six-eared macaque twitched.

"It seems that at the same time as the witch clan awakened their primordial spirit, they also awakened some new abilities."

Lin Long, who was very familiar with the laws, could tell that what Houtu used was definitely not the power of laws, but a power similar to blood.

After a little thought in my heart, I guessed it.

As the top Chaos Demon God, it is impossible for Pan Gu not to have supernatural powers.

It can be said that the Wu Clan really inherited Pan Gu's blood, and the supernatural powers should naturally be inherited accordingly.

The original Wu Clan could not display these supernatural powers because they did not have a soul. Now that they have a soul, some abilities will naturally be awakened.

In the blink of an eye, the six-eared macaque had completely recovered.

[You watched Houtu's magical powers used to heal the six-eared macaque, and successfully comprehended the Dao-level magical powers to regenerate good fortune. 】

Lin Long was taken aback!

I guessed that Houtu could comprehend supernatural powers after watching it, but what I didn't expect was that Houtu used the supernatural powers of Dao level.

[Avenue-level supernatural powers, regeneration of good fortune. 】

[Regeneration can transform the body into the purest energy, which can be used to feed others with excellent healing effects, and can be used for oneself to absorb the energy of the world, and it can be regenerated without extinguishing a single thought. 】

Good guy, this is equivalent to the prehistoric version of the Immortal Demon Art.

As long as I don't want to die, no one can make me die.

"This should be the supernatural power inherited from Pangu. The limit is related to the energy level of this physical body."

"The stronger the physical body, the stronger the supernatural power."

"When you reach Dacheng, you will be able to turn into a world just like Pangu, just relying on your physical body."

I don't know how much better this life-saving technique is than Styx's Blood God Son.

Styx turned himself into a sea of ​​blood. There is a saying that the sea of ​​blood never dries up and Styx never dies.

And this supernatural power is turning himself into heaven and earth.

If one thought is not destroyed, one can live forever.

"Um!"

The unconscious six-eared macaque murmured, and slowly opened its eyes.

As soon as he opened his eyes, he happened to see Hou Tu, and was immediately frightened and backed away.

Houtu's punch just now did leave a heavy psychological shadow on him.

The six-eared macaque is strong in the prehistoric world alone, but it is not enough when compared with the Wu clan, especially the ancestor witch in the Wu clan.

Besides, the two are still far behind.

"Master, are you okay, don't worry, this disciple will protect you, this woman is so fierce!"

The six-eared macaque pointed to the back soil with a cautious expression.

He said he was protecting himself, but his body retreated behind him honestly.

Lin Long shook his head helplessly.

This monkey has to be disciplined by his senior brothers and sisters when he turns around.

"Virtue, stand up for me, someone saved you just now."

"Aren't you very good at robbery before? Now you're scared of being punched?"

Six ears smiled awkwardly.

"Hey, Master."

It wasn't until today that the six-eared macaque realized how stupid his previous thoughts were. This prehistoric situation is so great that he can be crushed to death by two superpowers who jumped out at random. It was really lucky that he didn't encounter any of them before.

Lin Long didn't bother to pay attention to the six-eared macaque, and turned his head to look at the back soil.

"Let's go, take me to the ancestral land of the Wu clan, I have something to ask you."


		