

At this moment, anyone can see that there has been a change in Honghuang!

Moreover, it is not an ordinary accident.

I'm afraid that from today onwards, Honghuang will completely change.

From Hongjun vomiting blood and the consummation of the three realms, the thoughtful creatures quickly thought of the conflict between Taoist ancestor Hongjun and dragon god Lin Long.

These two masters can be said to be old enemies in the wild.

Daozu Hongjun vomited blood inexplicably, he must have suffered backlash.

And Sanqing and Jieyin Zhunti now held Hongmeng Ziqi in their hands, looking at Hongjun who was vomiting blood, their faces turned a little green.

Why does this feel like the script is wrong?

He had just been on Hongjun's thigh, and he was about to become a saint, but now his thigh was about to fall!

If this is the case, then the majestic purple energy in his hand will become a hot potato!

After all, not to mention not being sanctified yet, even if it is sanctified, it probably won't be worth it in the hands of Aoki Dragon God!

Didn't you see that even Daozu Hongjun couldn't beat Qingmu Longshen?

All of a sudden, the primordial purple qi that everyone envied was like a ticking time bomb at the moment. No one knew whether Aoki Dragon God would remember himself because of a burst of primordial purple qi!

Especially the brothers Jieyin and Zhunti, thinking of the encounters with Lin Long these years, the two brothers couldn't help but shudder.

"Brother, what should we do now?"

Zhunti secretly asked the receiving voice transmission.

At this time, Jieyin also showed embarrassment, what should I do? If I knew what to do, I wouldn't be sitting here stupidly.

If he had known that Hongjun was such an unreliable guy who cheated his teammates, the devil would have come to Zixiao Palace to listen to the sermon, and went directly to hug Qingmu Longshen's thigh!

At this moment, he was very regretful. Originally, the two brothers had made up their minds to go to Beihai to ask Lin Long for help, but when they ran halfway, they heard Hongjun's voice, saying that they would explain the way of saints for the third time.

Now the two brothers ran to Zixiao Palace in a panic.

How is it now...

If I knew it earlier, I would honestly go to Beihai to look for Aoki Dragon God.


At this moment, Hongjun, who was above the Qingyun in the sky, looked gloomy and watery, and the breath of heaven gradually peeled off from his body.

The three ways of heaven, earth and man come out together, and the way of heaven will naturally be perfected, and he has lost the possibility of joining the way!

At this time, he only had hatred in his heart, facing all the powerful listeners in Zixiao Palace, Hongjun no longer bothered to pay attention.

With a thought, all these great powers were sent out of Zixiao Palace, and with a bang, the gate of Zixiao Palace was completely closed!

Those gates only felt that they were sent out of Zixiao Palace with a flash in front of their eyes. Seeing Zixiao Palace being closed heavily, a group of people looked at each other in blank dismay, and finally they could only leave here silently.

The sermon, which was supposed to be a grand event, was now turned into a joke because of some accidents!

Daoist Hongjun, the head of the Taoist sect, has also completely fallen to the bottom of his reputation in the prehistoric world!

If the prehistoric beings were asked who the greatest power in the prehistoric world was, they might still hesitate between Hongjun and Lin Long, but now, if someone asks another question, there will only be one answer left.

Aoki Dragon God!

He fought with Hongjun for a full amount of calamity, and now the winner is finally determined!


Inside the Zixiao Palace, Hongjun closed the gate of the Zixiao Palace disheartened, and sat on Qingyun, the aura around his body kept fluctuating up and down, but generally speaking, it continued to decline.

It was supposed to be comparable to Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian's perfect cultivation, but now it has fallen to the middle stage of Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian.

"Lin Long! Alright, that's great! I didn't expect that I would be defeated by an innate dragon clan!"

Hongjun gritted his teeth, feeling mixed emotions in his heart, including unwillingness, anger, and regret!

After all, he and Lin Long didn't have to come to this point in the first place, and Lin Long himself didn't have the intention of preaching the past, and he didn't want to tolerate him!

But now, it's too late to say anything, Lin Long's wings are full, and the overall situation is settled!

Although he doesn't know what state Lin Long is in now, Hongjun can be sure that Lin Long's current cultivation level is definitely higher than his own.

No matter how you look at it, you have lost miserably!

"Could it be that, like the ancestor who raised his eyebrows, I want to flee to the chaos and void, and never set foot in the prehistoric..."

Hongjun sighed in his heart, closed his eyes slightly, his face was full of unwillingness.

However, at this moment, a arrogant and domineering voice suddenly sounded in the main hall of Zixiao Palace!

"Hahahaha, old man Hongjun, I never thought you would be here today, and you were forced into this state by an innate dragon clan. You really have lost the face of the Chaos Demon God!"

The voice suddenly sounded, and Hongjun's body shook, and he was shocked suddenly.

This voice is very familiar!

However, when he looked in the direction the voice came from, the voice sounded again: "Okay, don't need to look for it anymore, I'm not in Zixiao Palace, but in your heart!"

Hearing this voice again, Hongjun narrowed his eyes slightly: "Luo Hu! You're not dead!"

He couldn't be more familiar with this voice!

It was his deadly enemy back then, the Demon Ancestor Luohu!

"Hahahaha, what a joke!"

Luo Hu's voice sounded again: "Hongjun, do you really think that my vows were made in vain? Dao eliminates the demon leader, and the demon leader daoxes! Now that your Taoism is about to be completely wiped out by Lin Long, I naturally also Just come out! How about, how about we cooperate?"

This voice is full of temptation.

Hongjun sat on top of Qingyun, but didn't speak.

In the main hall of Zixiao Palace, the silence was terrifying.


Outside the main hall, all the great powers left one after another, only Yingyin and Zhunti stood there stupidly, feeling extremely troubled.

Even before leaving, many great experts looked at Yingying and Zhunti with gloating expressions on their faces.

In the past, when faced with the majestic purple energy, all living beings could only be envious, but now, the world has changed.

Taking this Hongmeng Ziqi means that he is a person of Daozu Hongjun, which means he is standing on the opposite side of Qingmu Longshen.

With Qingmu Longshen's temper, can he bear not to do anything to these two grandsons?

Obviously, Jieyin and Zhunti also understood this truth, and they didn't dare to say anything in the face of the mocking eyes of the crowd.

With the departure of those great powers, only the two brothers were left outside Zixiao Palace staring at each other.

"Brother, what shall we do now?"

Zhun Ti was really unwilling to give up the primordial purple energy that he got.

It is rare to see something good in the West, but now it suddenly has the foundation of sanctification, and it has become a ticking time bomb in a blink of an eye!

Opportunities, bombs, really entangled the two grandsons.

After struggling for a long time, he finally made up his mind and said, "Junior Brother, why don't we go to the Dragon God Realm!"

This is also a helpless solution, they can't afford to offend Hongjun, let alone Aoki Dragon God.

In comparison, they are more afraid of Aoki Dragon God.

Moreover, they had already obtained the Primordial Purple Qi from Hongjun, and now they would go to the Dragon God Realm, and they would simply have a good chance.

Take advantage of both sides, maybe you can take the opportunity to make a fortune!

Previously, Aoki Dragon God can say that he can help the West, maybe Aoki Dragon God really has some mysterious means.

Hearing this, Na Zhunti was still a little hesitant, frowned and said: "But, brother, you and I hold the Hongmeng Ziqi bestowed by Hongjun Daozu in our hands, how can the Qingmu Dragon God accept you and me?"

"Junior brother, you don't know about this. It is because you and I have obtained the primordial purple energy that it is possible for the Cyanwood Dragon God to accept you and me."

Jie Yin shook his head and said: "The centipede is dead but not stiff. Hongjun Daozu may have been suppressed by Qingmu Dragon God this time, but Qingmu Dragon God wants to eradicate Daozu completely. I'm afraid it's not that easy. At this time, That’s where you and I come in.”

Zhunti's eyes lit up: "Brother, what do you mean, we pretend to be the spearmen of the Aoki Dragon God, so as to deceive the Aoki Dragon God's trust?"

"good!"

Jieyin nodded, with a sneer on his face: "You and I have taken the primordial purple energy, and it is more valuable!"

"Okay, then do as the senior brother said! You and I will head to the North Sea and look for the Dragon God Realm!"


at the same time.

Lin Long had already dealt with everything and returned to Dragon God Realm.

The Yuanshen of Xuangui was handed over to Houtu, and it was enough for Nuwa and Houtu to discuss the matter of reincarnation.

The candidates for the Three Emperors and Five Emperors also need to be discussed by the two of them. In the future, there will be opportunities for the two daughters to work together.

Although today's Dao has been perfected, it is almost impossible for Hongjun to join the Dao.

But there are no absolutes in the world, especially in the prehistoric, before Hongjun is completely killed, no one can say whether there will be any changes in the future.

Therefore, what should be vigilant is still to be vigilant, safety first!

Besides, my cultivation base has been stuck here for a long time, and it's time to improve.

After all, although I have reached an agreement with Tiandao, Tiandao will be perfect in the future, and the two sides will not invade each other.

But the way of heaven is ruthless, it is impossible for him to rest assured of the way of heaven.

Only if you have enough strength, can you survive!

Facing a potential opponent like Tiandao, Hunyuan Da Luo Jinxian's realm is obviously not enough, at least he has to reach Hunyuan Wuji Luo Jinxian to have a fight!

That is to say, the realm of matching standards!

"It's also time to go to Chaos, find some blood of the gods and demons, and completely raise the heel to the strength of the Chaos Demon God!"


		