

Although Nuwa Fuxi had already looked up to Lin Long as much as possible, the siblings were shocked again when the law of cause and effect came out.

"Brother, how many hole cards does he still have to use?"

Nu Wa's shocked little mouth couldn't close anymore, and she looked at Lin Long blankly with her stupid and cute face.

And although Fuxi next to her was not as groggy as Nuwa, she was not much better.

The two of them were shocked by the methods Lin Long used, when the small world with Lin Long at the center suddenly shattered like a bubble!

In the small world, all kinds of causes and effects that were originally changed due to the flow of time are connected to the outside world like golden tentacles.

The small world and the prehistoric world will not be considered to be completely integrated until the last two causal tentacles are connected.

Rumble!

Suddenly, there was a burst of thunder in the clear sky, as if Tianwei was furious!

Fuxi, Nuwa, and Lin Long present all felt a wave of will swept across their bodies in an instant.

This will is so strong that even Da Luo Jinxian has no resistance.

Lin Long knew that this was because he used the law of time and the law of cause and effect without authorization, and made the best innate spiritual roots mature in advance, which alarmed the heavens.

Fortunately, the current way of heaven is not the prehistoric way of heaven in the future. Without Hongjun's intervention, the way of heaven is still functioning normally. Just after the will of heaven swept through it and found nothing abnormal, it calmed down.

Of course, it was also thanks to Lin Long's use of the law of cause and effect to erase the cause and effect of his ripening spiritual roots, so that the programmed Heavenly Dao could not find any abnormalities.

The consciousness of the way of heaven receded, and immediately after, the aura that belonged exclusively to the best innate spiritual roots erupted.

On the halfway up Buzhou Mountain, a column of spiritual energy burst out, the energy accumulated to the extreme, exploded, and turned into a cloud of spiritual rain, nourishing the surrounding area for thousands of miles.

At the same time, Dao Dao Xiangyun did not know when it appeared above the innate gourd vine, and the seven innate gourd seeds were nourished, and finally began to completely stabilize.

Immediately afterwards, above the sky, the aura of auspicious clouds descended, covering the congenital gourd seeds, with cloud patterns all over them.

The first six congenital gourds grew extremely smoothly.

However, when it came to the last gourd, the surrounding world seemed to lack aura, and it had only grown halfway, and the last innate gourd had already started to wilt.

Obviously, the seventh gourd was going to die halfway!

There was a flash of light in Lin Long's eyes!

Before doing it, he knew that forcibly ripening the congenital gourds might lead to incomplete growth of these gourds, so when arranging the means, he deliberately consumed a little more Sanguang Shenshui, just to avoid such a situation.

Unexpectedly, in the end, this thing still happened.

"No, it's not that the aura is not enough!"

The keen Lin Long suddenly noticed the problem, and at the same time had a great guess in his mind.

But at this time, he couldn't help hesitating, so he made the move immediately!

The law of time, the law of space, and even the sky-shrouding formation that has been comprehended but never used before, are all used together!

The next moment, the last gourd on the innate gourd vine was completely isolated by the formation!

There is also the congenital gourd vine that is about to wither!

The time, space, and cause and effect in the formation all stopped.

With quick hands and eyes, Lin Long put away the defective last gourd.

Only the six gourds that have matured and landed on the ground are left in place, as well as the Nine Heavens Resting Soil below.

"Put your things away quickly, there is too much movement here, people will come soon!"

Lin Long didn't use Reverse to Know the Future, but he knew with his butt that such a big movement would definitely attract other creatures!

Without any hesitation, Fuxi and Nuwa brothers and sisters hurried forward to pick up six gourds, gourd vines and Jiutianxi soil, followed Lin Long, and left the place of right and wrong.

For Lin Long, Nu Wa finally did not dare to show any contempt or disrespect to Lin Long.

Even if this guy in front of him is not like what his elder brother said, he is an ancient power, but he is definitely not an ordinary person. Nuwa can't accept all kinds of methods.

Sure enough, just after Lin Long and Fuxi and Nuwa left, several figures appeared at the place where the congenital gourd vine appeared.

"Extreme spiritual root! There is a super spiritual root born here!"

"Damn it! I'm a step late!"

"It shouldn't be, I'm at the foot of Buzhou Mountain, and I set off as soon as I noticed the fluctuation of my breath. How could I be caught by other creatures first? Could it be that some creatures knew that there would be a treasure here, so they guarded here in advance?"

One of the fastest creatures that came, looked at the open space in front of him, and the spiritual energy left after the root of the spirit was pulled out, and analyzed it on his own.

However, as soon as he finished speaking, other creatures satirized him.

"I'm afraid you are stupid in practice. You treat this innate spirit as a wild vegetable. Can you grow it? You still guard it in advance."

"you!"

The speaking creature was so angry that he couldn't speak, but after thinking about it, he also felt that what he said was a bit out of his head.

"Humph!"

With a cold snort, the creature didn't say anything more, and walked away angrily.

After observing for a while, the rest of the creatures found that there were no treasures left here, and each of them left with dejected regret.

However, just after the rest of the creatures left, the creature who felt that he couldn't speak his head stepped out of the void again.

"Hmph, a group of stupid people, there were so many people just now, do you really think I have no way to track them?"

I saw this creature walking carefully to the place where the congenital gourd vine was originally, and carefully took out something from its bosom.

This thing is crystal clear like jade, but the edges are irregularly rounded, like some jade pieces.

Immediately, the creature activated the fragments, bursting out with aura!

Immediately, in front of this creature, a phantom actually appeared, flashing back continuously!

"With the fragments of the good fortune jade plate, I still don't believe that I can't find out the whereabouts of the spirit treasure here!"

In this person's hands, there is actually a fragment of a jade dish of fortune!

Soon, in the phantom, a fragment of Lin Long and Fu Xi's brother and sister flashed.

But for some reason, the picture involving Lin Long is blurry, and only a general phantom can be seen, and even this phantom is slowly fading away!

"Huh? What's going on here? Could it be that someone forcibly changed the cause and effect?"

This creature is obviously also knowledgeable, and immediately gritted his teeth and poured all his mana into the good fortune jade plate: "good fortune jade plate, give me all the power to calculate!"

At the same time, Lin Long, who had been far away from this place for a long time, suddenly felt a whim, and the slightest law of cause and effect suddenly throbbed.

"Someone is guessing me!"

"No, it's inferring that I got the congenital gourd vine!"

According to the law of cause and effect, Lin Long easily understood what was going on: "Hehe, I didn't expect that the law of cause and effect, which is extremely difficult to control, would be encountered in Buzhou Mountain so quickly. However, with this level of comprehension, I want to deduce I don't think it's enough!"

"Break it!"

Lin Long let out a low shout, and the law of karma was running blatantly, forcibly cutting off the karma that deduced himself!

"puff……"

At the same time, the face of the creature holding the fragment of the fortune jade plate suddenly changed, and he opened his mouth to spit out a mouthful of blood.

The virtual image deduced in front of him also shattered in response!

When he looked up again, the man's eyes were full of fear!

"Not good! The other party has practiced the law of karma! I have been discovered and must leave quickly!"

Realizing that he had been discovered, and that the other party was far superior to him, the creature no longer wanted to track down the Lingbao, and immediately put away the good fortune jade plate, and fled down Buzhou Mountain like a madman.

Even so, he still felt as if there was a pair of eyes watching him from behind him!

The one watching him is naturally Lin Long's pupil of the Dao!

"Interesting, I didn't expect it, and there are unexpected gains!"


		