

Looking at Yunxiao now, Fuxi has already changed his name. He doesn't know Yunxiao's name, so he simply refers to him as an immortal, which is absolutely unmistakable.

After all, if it wasn't for an immortal, how could it be possible to bind Guang Chengzi like this?

Yun Xiao didn't insist on it, and when he heard Fuxi speak, he waved his hand casually, and the ribbon on Guang Chengzi disappeared.

It's like doing a trivial thing.

In fact, it was true, with Yun Xiao's cultivation, wanting to catch Guang Chengzi was just a matter of one thought.

In front of Zhunsheng, Guangchengzi of the Taiyi Golden Immortal could not escape even if he escaped.

Afterwards, Fuxi invited Guangchengzi and Yunxiao into his residence.

At this moment, Yunxiao is still calm and breezy, and has returned to his previous appearance, completely clueless.

If he hadn't seen it with his own eyes, Fuxi would have doubted whether this old woman was the same one who showed his might and tied up Guang Chengzi before.

On the other side, Guang Chengzi's face was ashen, eyes closed, as if he was practicing meditation.

However, Fuxi still keenly noticed that Guang Chengzi had intentionally or unintentionally pulled some distance away from the old woman beside him. This was obviously an expression of fear, but he still pretended to be calm.

"Shangxian, we have known each other for ten years. You really don't show your face. I often think about when such a great sage came out of the human race. Looking back now, it is Fuxi who is stupid."

"Please, receive a bow from Fuxi!"

Fuxi was very smart, he didn't mention why the two of them fought just now, so as not to be more embarrassing.

The identity of Guang Chengzi's saintly disciple has never been concealed. Since the other party dares to fight Guang Chengzi, he must be of extraordinary status.

Rather than letting Guang Chengzi hold grudges here, it is better for this self-reported identity to stop Guang Chengzi from thinking about it.

And Fuxi himself also wanted to know who this person was, he was really capable.

If possible, Fuxi also hopes that this old man can take the place of Guangchengzi Immortal Master.

After all, Fuxi has seen all of this help to the human race in the past ten years.

And Guang Chengzi on the side also pricked up his ears, wanting to listen carefully.

Yun Xiao pondered for a moment, and was about to declare himself, but Lin Long's voice reached his ears at this moment.

"You don't need to bring up the Dragon God Realm and me, just talk about yourself."

Yun Xiao was startled, and swallowed back the words on his lips.

After thinking for a while, he said, "I am Yunxiao. A few years ago, I saw that the human race was struggling to survive in the wilderness, so I came here to help. Now, most of the survival methods of the human race have been passed on to you. It is time for me to leave."

Since the master won't allow the Dragon God Realm to be mentioned, then it's fine to leave a dao name for myself.

"It turns out to be the Immortal in the Clouds, please be respected by Fuxi!"

While saluting, Fuxi recalled in his mind the name of Yunxiao in the prehistoric world.

But Yunxiao seldom shows up in the wilderness on weekdays, and only practices in the Dragon God Realm.

Therefore, Fuxi has no awakening memory now, so naturally he has never heard of Yunxiao's name.

As for Guang Chengzi, because of his seniority, he had also never heard of Yun Xiao's name.

At this moment, his face was calm, but he was sneering in his heart.

"Hmph, I don't even dare to expose the master's sect, I'm afraid it's a prehistoric loose cultivator!"

Even a mere casual cultivator dares to do something to me, a disciple of a sage. When I return to Yuxu Palace in Kunlun Mountain later, I will definitely tell my master about it.

Let Master punish this ignorant old woman.

Saints can't meddle in the affairs of the human race, but they haven't said that they can't do anything to these practitioners.


After talking about his identity, Yun Xiao stood up from his seat.

"Fuxi, you have the title of the emperor of the race. Remember my teachings over the years and make good use of them. You will have great merit in the future."

"I am leaving today. If I encounter difficulties in the future, I will silently recite my Dao name in my heart, and my heart will respond, and I will take action."

"But remember, the human race's affairs should be resolved by manpower. If you use the power of immortality to forcibly reverse the human race's affairs, it will only backfire and harm you in the end."

Yunxiao said this just as a reminder to Fuxi.

But Guang Chengzi on the side had an even uglier expression.

After all, according to Yun Xiao's words, he is a living negative example, but he has no way to refute it.

Therefore, Guang Chengzi could only snort coldly to express his dissatisfaction.

"Yes, don't worry, the Immortal Yunxiao, Fuxi will keep it in mind!"

"Shangxian taught, Fuxi dare not forget!"

Fu Xi said respectfully.

"Um."

Yun Xiao nodded, glanced at Fu Xi again, and then walked out of the tribe.

Every time you take a step, the twilight energy on your body will fade away!

After walking outside the tribe, Yun Xiao had already changed back to his original appearance.

She was born with stunning beauty, her bright eyes are kind, and she looks forward to shine.

Now that he has reached the quasi-sage realm, he has added a bit of holy charm and is even more outstanding.

It is different from Guang Chengzi's forcibly created vision of a master of immortality.

Yunxiao reveals his true body, Xiaguang reveals itself, and the golden wheel of merit and virtue turns into thousands of dharma images behind his head.

At first glance, it only makes people feel peaceful.

In contrast, Guang Chengzi seems to have cultivated a fake fairy.

This image of Yunxiao was deeply imprinted in Fuxi's mind.

As Yunxiao drove away, Fuxi bowed in the direction Yunxiao left.

Then, Fuxi looked at Guang Chengzi, a trace of embarrassment flashed across his face.

However, after hesitating for a moment, Fuxi still said: "Shangxian, thank you for taking care of my human race these years, but just now Fuxi thought about it, and what Yunxiao Shangxian said makes sense. If our human race wants to develop, we still have to rely on it." Human power, not the means of immortals."

"Please rest assured, the immortal master, even if there is no immortal master to take care of it, the human race will surely be able to survive in the wild."

Fuxi's euphemism was a bit straightforward, and he almost said that you, Guang Chengzi, should get out of here quickly, and don't meddle in my human affairs.

Guang Chengzi could only feel the anger rising in his heart.

Fuxi couldn't understand what he said, he was driving him away!

My imposing sage disciple was ordered to make merit, um, no, he was ordered to teach the emperor of the human race, and now he was ordered to expel guests by the emperor of the human race!

What the hell, it's ashamed to throw it at grandma's house!

"Fuxi, do you know who it means that I came to the human race?"

There was a bit of threat in Guangchengzi's tone.

However, Fuxi frowned slightly, but still said firmly: "Fuxi understands that this is the meaning of a saint, but if our human race wants to prosper, we must strengthen ourselves!"

"Good! Good! Good!"

Under the rage, Guang Chengzi laughed back angrily.

I will definitely not be able to obtain the merits of this saint teacher. Yun Xiao's cultivation base is higher than his own, so there is nothing he can do.

But you, Fuxi, are only a mere mortal now, yet you dare to speak to me like this. Do you really think that I can't do anything to you?

Don't you humans want to strengthen yourself and not rely on the power of the immortal way? Then I will destroy the foundation of your immortal way!

Immediately, Guang Chengzi shot out in anger, and hit Fuxi directly with his palm!

Fuxi's pupils shrank suddenly. Obviously, he didn't expect that Guang Chengzi would do anything to him!

Now that he is only a mortal and has not practiced cultivation, how can he resist Guang Chengzi's palm of hatred?

bang——

At this critical moment, a will suddenly descended!

Guang Chengzi only felt that he was as insignificant as an ant in front of this will, and on his shoulders, he seemed to be carrying a mountain of indecision!

boom!

In an instant, Guang Chengzi couldn't hold on anymore, and fell to his knees with a bang!

Because the strength was too great, even both knees were directly shattered!

At the same time, on the Great Desolation, a group of top experts, whether they were retreating or refining treasures, put down what they were doing at the same time and looked in the direction of the human race.

"Humanity? How did humanity suddenly appear, and with such a strong anger!"


		