

If you want to break through to Hunyuan Wuji Luo Jinxian, you must first raise your heels to the strength of Chaos Demon God.

The fastest and most reliable way right now is to find the corpse of the Chaos Demon God and extract the blood of the Chaos Demon God.

Now that the heaven, earth and people are coming together, Hongjun must have suffered a lot of blows. In a short period of time, if there is no accident, the sixth child will not dare to trouble himself.

Lin Long can also take advantage of this opportunity to seek a breakthrough!

Immediately, Lin Long called several of his disciples over, ordered Zhao Gongming, San Xiao, Six-Eared Macaque, and Ao Yi to be in charge of the three clans, entrusted him with some matters about the Dragon God Realm, and then Lin Long announced to the outside world that he was retreating .

The chaotic world is vast and boundless, and it is extremely difficult for monks whose realm is lower than that of Daluo Jinxian to survive in it, let alone seek any opportunities in the chaos.

Only a Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian like Lin Long can roam freely in it.

Of course, even so, with Lin Long's character, safety is the first priority, and the dangers in the chaos still have to be guarded against.

For others, the chaos is full of strong winds, and treasure hunting is extremely difficult, but for Lin Long, he has great luck and knows the future. He can be called a treasure hunting detector, and he is specialized in this business.

Standing in the chaos, Lin Long's divine sense immediately dispersed.

I made up my mind to find the corpse of the Chaos Demon God, and immediately, my supernatural powers began to work!

"Know the future!"

[You used your magical powers to know the future, traveled in the chaotic world, and looked for the corpse of the chaotic demon god. 】

[In the sea of ​​chaos, you traveled 13 billion miles to the left and found the corpse of a Chaos Demon God. The corpse was severely damaged, and the blood had already drained out of it, so it was useless. 】

[In the chaotic sea, you traveled 34 billion miles forward and found a corpse of the Chaos Demon God, with a small amount of Chaos Demon God's blood remaining in the corpse. 】

[In the chaotic sea, you traveled seven billion miles backwards and found a stump of the Chaos Demon God, which contained a certain amount of Chaos Demon God's blood. 】

In the chaos, unlike the prehistoric world, there is no definite concept of east, west, north, south, and only Lin Long's current location can be used as the coordinates to explore in all directions.

After some exploration, Lin Long was sure that the chaos was indeed as he thought, and it was not empty.

Basically, the corpses of the Chaos Demon God are scattered everywhere.

It's just because the chaos is too vast, if it weren't for a powerful man like Lin Long, it would be impossible to explore so deep.

After some exploration, Lin Long confirmed a direction.

That is the left front direction of my current position.

[In the sea of ​​chaos, you explored four hundred and seventy-eight trillion miles toward the front left, and found a relatively complete corpse of the Chaos Demon God, which contained a large amount of Demon God blood, and found a small amount of essence blood in it. 】

This is Lin Long's goal!

With this relatively complete corpse of the Chaos Demon God, he has great confidence in raising his footsteps to the level of the Chaos Demon God.

It took Lin Long only half a day to reach the distance of more than four hundred trillion miles.

Along the way, I didn't encounter anything, which shows how difficult it is to find opportunities in the chaos.

Standing in the chaos, looking at the corpse of the Chaos Demon God in front of him, even though Lin Long had prepared himself mentally, he was still shocked after seeing it with his own eyes!

There was no other reason. Even though the corpse of the Chaos Demon God had been dead for many years, the aura emanating from it still made Lin Long feel palpitations.

If he was alive, the Chaos Demon God's strength would definitely not be inferior to his current self.

You know, Lin Long's current cultivation is at the peak of Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian, and he is only half a step away from Hunyuan Wuji Luo Jinxian.

In front of this guy's corpse, he still felt heart palpitations.

It can be seen that the terror of the Chaos Demon God.

"It's also fortunate that all the Chaos Demon Gods fell under Pangu's axe. Otherwise, any Chaos Demon God left behind would be a catastrophe for Honghuang."

Lin Long secretly rejoiced in his heart: "Thanks to the incomplete strength of Hongjun Luohu and others who raised their eyebrows, otherwise, it would not be so easy to defeat them."

Immediately, he shook off the distracting thoughts in his mind and flew to the corpse of the Chaos Demon God.

"The law of devouring!"

A strong suction erupted in Lin Long's palm.

Immediately, the corpse of the Chaos Demon God flowed from the wound, and blood gushed out continuously.

The Chaos Demon God is very huge. Although the Chaos Demon God in front of him is not as big as a black turtle, it is several times larger than the real body of an ordinary prehistoric innate creature. Naturally, there is no need to say how much blood is inside it.

However, Lin Long was absorbing and compressing at the same time, the blood cells the size of a hill soon became only the size of a fist.

Every Chaos Demon God is born out of the Dao, and every part of the body is a manifestation of the Dao.

Its blood is the essence of it.

Lin Long looked at the blood ball exuding faint coercion and strong power of law in his hand, with a hint of satisfaction in his eyes.

"Yes, as expected of the Chaos Demon God, it has been so long since Pangu opened the sky, yet there is still a faint vitality in his blood."

Of course, this couldn't be better for Lin Long.

After all, Lin Long needs the blood of the Chaos Demon God to improve his heels. The purer the blood, the higher his success rate.

Except for the blood, Lin Long did not destroy the Chaos Demon God's body.

I just want to deduce the blood of the Chaos Demon God, not absorb it directly.

I have the avenue to reshape the supernatural powers, and with the blood of the Chaos Demon God, I can use it as a template to reshape my own blood and flesh.

After the goal was achieved, Lin Long didn't stay any longer, he was satisfied and turned to leave.

Once again, there was a dead silence in the chaos.

But not long after Lin Long left, the corpse of the Chaos Demon God floating motionless in the chaos before suddenly opened his eyes!

His eyes were red, and he stared at the direction where Lin Long left. After a while, his eyes closed again.

The life that flickered from the body of the Chaos Demon God disappeared again.


In the Dragon God Realm, in the Dragon God Palace, Lin Long came back with his spoils.

The blood of the demon god floated in front of Lin Long's eyes, and the supernatural powers of reshaping the avenue were constantly running.

Dao Dao's reshaping supernatural powers are constantly analyzing the blood of the Chaos Demon God in front of him.

As the supernatural power continued to operate, the blood in Lin Long's body was also constantly changing.

The original innate aura in Lin Long's body was constantly evolving towards the chaotic aura at this time.

This is one of the signs of the Chaos Demon God. He no longer uses the innate aura, but the chaotic aura. The quality of the aura has been greatly improved, and the strength has been improved in a disguised form.

There is no time in the prehistoric world, and in the blink of an eye, it will be another ten thousand years.

Blood vessel remodeling is always a long process.

On this day, in the Dragon God Realm and the Dragon God Great Hall, a thick and chaotic aura erupted.

Countless creatures from the Dragon God Realm looked towards the Dragon God Palace.

In the direction of the Dragon Temple, a phantom in the shape of a dragon slowly emerged.

But different from before, this time the phantom is no longer a green dragon. The scales and armor of the giant dragon in mid-air are full of chaos and turbidity.

Although it belongs to the dragon clan, at first glance, all living beings have the same feeling in their hearts, that is, this giant dragon is not a prehistoric creature, but a demon god that was born long before the world was opened!

A resounding dragon chant resounded throughout the Dragon God Realm.

In the Dragon Temple, Lin Long sat upright in the void, his own Dao rhyme dissolved in the Dao.

At this time, the aura around him has completely transformed into a chaotic aura.

Lin Long slowly opened his eyes, and a ray of light burst out from his eyes.


		