

After leaving Kunlun Mountain, Lin Long originally wanted to continue to deduce the remaining fragments of the good fortune jade disc.

However, after some deduction, it was found that many of the remaining fragments were concentrated in one place.

Obviously, other creatures are also collecting.

Lin Long used his appendix to think about it, and he knew that the creatures who collected the fragments of the good fortune jade plate were most likely Hongjun and Luohu.

After almost meeting Luo Hu last time, Lin Long naturally knew that these two were not something he could provoke.

Adhering to the principle of safety first, he simply put the matter aside for the time being.

Anyway, he owns the Chaos Orb and hides the Jade Plate of Good Fortune in it. Even if Luo Hu and Hongjun have the means of deduction, they will be helpless after being isolated by the Chaos Orb.

Therefore, Lin Long was not worried.

The prehistoric world is vast and boundless, and there are countless beautiful scenery of strange mountains.

And now Lin Long happened to come to a place.

[You have used your supernatural powers to know the future. Three thousand miles to the east, there is a fire spirit demon ape guarding a low-grade spiritual root ten thousand-year vermilion fruit]

[You have used your magical powers to know the future. Fourteen thousand miles to the west, there is a Lingquan, which is rich in aura, and there is a female dragon in the spring trying to transform]

[You used your supernatural powers to know the future, ninety thousand miles to the west, you found some strong spiritual roots, most likely traces of top-quality spiritual roots]

Originally aimless, Lin Long looked at the last prompt, and his eyes lit up all of a sudden.

"Extreme spiritual root!"

I really deserved to be a person favored by the Dao, and the best spiritual roots that are usually hard to come across were met by me one after another.

Lin Long stopped hesitating immediately, and after deducing the future without danger, Dang even flew towards the west.

On the way, there was another cloud of transformation and robbery, which was directly smashed into pieces by Lin Long.

Indistinctly, a woman's exclamation seemed to be heard, but Lin Long's speed was too fast, so he didn't listen carefully.

The distance of 90,000 miles is just a blink of an eye for Lin Long today.

Following the prompt information, Lin Long stopped after flying 90,000 miles.

Standing on top of the clouds, Lin Long closed his eyes and carefully sensed the atmosphere around him.

Relying on the laws he had comprehended, Lin Long really felt the aura of the top-grade spiritual root.

Moreover, it is the best innate spiritual root!

"I am now, even if I don't rely on knowing the future, I can roughly detect the breath of the treasure."

Lin Long deliberately didn't use Ni Zhifu to find out the spiritual root information, in order to test his own strength.

Eggs cannot be put in one basket, multifaceted blossoming is the kingly way.

"Although I sensed the aura of the best innate spiritual root, it seems a bit weird. It seems that it is hidden!"

Lin Long felt something strange. This kind of concealment did not seem to be the isolation of the innate formation, but man-made!

"Forget it, since we have encountered a special situation, let's deduce it by knowing the future and see what the situation of this top-quality innate spiritual root is."

Lin Long thought about it for a moment, and decided to use Inverse Future.

However, before he mobilized his mana to start the deduction, a voice suddenly sounded not far from Lin Long.

"This fellow Taoist, I don't know where he came from. Why did you visit my Longevity Mountain?"

“Mansu Mountain?”

Hearing this voice, Lin Long suddenly turned his head and saw two figures standing not far from him.

One of them was dressed in a red robe with a kind face.

The other person is wearing a yellow embroidered gold Taoist robe, holding a dust whisk, and has a fairy-like posture.

"That's right, this place is Longevity Mountain, my Taoist place. I don't know why this fellow Taoist is here?"

The Taoist in the yellow Taoist robe waved his whisk and spoke.

Looking at the appearance of these two people and the three words Longevity Mountain, Lin Long naturally understood each other's identity.

The person in the yellow embroidered gold Taoist robe is none other than Zhen Yuanzi, the ancestor of the Earth Immortal who is famous in later generations!

As for the man in the red robe, he must be the well-known good old man, Hong Yun!

At this time, Lin Long also understood what was going on with the strange aura he felt before.

The best innate spiritual root I feel must be the ginseng fruit tree without a doubt!

"I have met two fellow Taoists, my name is Lin Long, and I am a casual cultivator in Honghuang. I don't know that this place is your dojo. If you bother me so much, I hope you don't blame me."

Lin Long only gave a brief introduction, but just as the name was spoken, the expressions of Zhen Yuanzi and Hong Yun on the opposite side changed drastically.

"You are Lin Long?"

The two looked at Lin Long with vigilance on their faces.

After all, in the current prehistoric times, the dragon clan is powerful, and the new dragon god of the dragon clan has come here, so they can't help but be careless!

"Um?"

Lin Long also sensed something was wrong: "Two fellow daoists, could it be that what did I say wrong?"

He didn't use his magical powers, so he naturally didn't know the reason for the vigilance of the two.

However, Zhen Yuanzi and Hong Yun looked at each other, although there was still a look of vigilance on their faces, they still cupped their hands at Lin Long and said, "I didn't know that the Dragon God of the Dragon Clan came to visit, and there were so many disrespectful things, I hope the Dragon God will not blame you."

"Dragon God?"

Now it was Lin Long's turn to be shocked.

"That's right, the Dragon Clan has announced to the world that Lin Long is the third Dragon God of the Dragon Clan, and Zulong personally conferred the title on him."

Zhen Yuanzi spoke, and Lin Long finally recovered from the shock.

Damn it, I was inexplicably conferred the title of New Dragon God by Zulong!

"When did this happen?"

At this moment, ten thousand grass and mud horses were running wildly in his heart, and he was really tricked by accident.

Safety first, safety first, what the hell is safety!

It seems that I am still not good enough!

"The Dragon God really knows how to joke. The Dragon Clan has already spread the news to the prehistoric world. Now the entire prehistoric world probably already knows about the new Dragon God's ascension."

Listening to Zhen Yuanzi's words, Lin Long took a deep breath to ease his mood.

The matter has come to this point, it is useless to regret, but we must pay more attention in the future.

"I don't know about this matter, but I would like to thank the two fellow daoists for letting me know."

"Dragon God is polite. Even if my brother doesn't tell me, the Dragon God will know the news soon."

Looking at Lin Long in front of him, Zhen Yuanzi and Hong Yun looked at each other vaguely.

The people of the Dragon Clan are arrogant and domineering. They originally thought that the Dragon God's coming to Longevity Mountain would be a troublesome matter, but now it seems that it is not the same as what they thought.

This Lin Long has a somewhat different personality from other dragon clans, and judging by the other party's appearance, he is completely unaware of being canonized as a dragon god.

"Master Dragon God, if you don't dislike it, why don't you come to my Daoist Five Villages to sit and sit, and we will do our best as landlords."

Hearing these words, Lin Long couldn't help being moved.

There is such a good thing as ginseng fruit in Zhen Yuanzi's hands. It is said that Zhen Yuanzi's body is a ginseng fruit tree, but this statement has not been confirmed.

Now I am afraid that I have no hope of getting a ginseng fruit tree, but it would be good if I could taste the ginseng fruit.

Ginseng fruit, also known as Cao Huan Dan, is a sacred product for nourishing the body, and my body needs nourishment now.

Besides, now that I have been canonized as the Dragon God for no reason, I should find a place to avoid the limelight.

Of course, it would be the best if he could find an opportunity to comprehend Zhen Yuanzi's inner world.

As for his own safety, Lin Long was not worried. He knew that the future had deduced that he was not in danger. Moreover, the two brothers had a good reputation in the prehistoric world, and they were afraid of the Dragon Clan, so they would definitely not do anything to him. Something bad happened.

"In that case, I would like to thank the two friends."

Of course, Lin Long would not directly say that I want to eat your ginseng fruit, but nodded to the two of them, clasped his fists and saluted: "Besides, don't call me Dragon God, I don't know about this matter, if fellow Taoists If you don’t give up, you might as well just call me Lin Long.”

Hearing what Lin Long said, Zhen Yuanzi and Hong Yun also breathed a sigh of relief.

It seems that this new dragon god is really different from other dragons.

"In this way, my two brothers have overstepped. Fellow Daoist Lin Long, this way please."

Zhen Yuanzi and Hong Yun were not cowards, so they immediately led the way and led Lin Long to Wuzhuang Temple.

In Wuzhuang Temple, there is ample aura, and it can be regarded as a top-notch paradise in the prehistoric world.

"Fellow Daoist Lin Long sit down first, and the poor will come back when they go."

Zhen Yuanzi led Lin Long into the Wuzhuang Temple, and then greeted Lin Long.

Lin Long nodded: "Thank you, Fellow Daoist."

After Zhen Yuanzi left, only Lin Long and Hong Yun sat in the hall.

That Hongyun is a good old man, not good at words, the two of them sat here, it was a little awkward for a while.

Fortunately, after a while, Zhen Yuanzi returned, holding two baby-like spiritual fruits in his hand.

As soon as he entered the room, Lin Long smelled a strong fruity fragrance.

"Fellow Daoist, you are the first guest at my Wuzhuang Temple, but the poor Taoist has nothing to entertain you. This thing is called ginseng fruit. Just pick two of them and give it to fellow Daoist to quench your thirst."

Seeing Zhen Yuanzi appearing, Hong Yun seemed to become bolder, and said with a smile: "Haha, Fellow Daoist Lin Long, this is a good thing. I usually ask Daoist Zhen Yuanzi for him to take out one, so hurry up, fellow Daoist!" Try it."

"I have heard the name of ginseng fruit a long time ago. Today I have a good taste, so I would like to thank you for your hospitality."

Lin Long was also polite, picked up a ginseng fruit and put it in his mouth.

In an instant, the sweet juice flowed down the throat and into the stomach.

A wave of life aura rushed to the limbs and bones.

[You have tasted the top-quality spiritual root ginseng fruit, and successfully comprehended supernatural powers: exporting Yang Yuan]

[Export Yang Yuan: One of the thirty-six changes of Tiangang, which can absorb the Yang Yuan of heaven and earth, feed back to oneself, and strengthen the body. 】

"Damn it, you're right!"

Lin Long looked at the reminder in his mind, and his heart was also surging.


		