

"It's no wonder that the Cihangdao people of later generations will have Sanguang Shenshui in their hands. The co-author was originally obtained by Yuanshi Tianzun on Sanxian Island, and then passed on. It seems that according to the original trajectory, Yuanshi Tianzun boarded Sanxian Island. It is destined that more than half of the treasures on the island were looted by Yuanshi Tianzun, and when the East Prince discovered Sanxian Island, there was nothing good left."

Lin Long felt that he had seen through the truth.

He also couldn't help but mourn for Dong Wanggong for a second.

Of course, now because of my time travel, Sanxian Island is already in my pocket, I want to let myself out, dreaming!

He would never choose the several futures he deduced by using his inverse knowledge of the future to give up Sanxian Island's choice of peace and tranquility!

"Hmph, Tangtang Sanqing pretends to be noble, but in fact, he is just like other wild creatures, with ruthless methods!"

In the final analysis, Hong Huang is still respected by strength. In the history of Hong Huang, those top powerful people, the real good people, are estimated to be only Hong Yun.

Moreover, the ending of a good old man is usually tragic.

To be able to become a top power, there is no one who is soft-hearted!

"Since you are not kind, old boy, don't blame me, Lin, for being the sixth child!"

Between Lin Long's backhands, a ball of three-light divine water emerged in his hand, on which the precious light shone continuously.

This thing should have fallen into the hands of Yuanshi Tianzun, but now, Yuanshi Tianzun is going to have a good drink!

Outside of the formation, Yuanshi Tianzun had an ugly look of being unable to get off a tiger.

"This formation is so difficult to deal with. With my strength, I can't break through it after such a long time. Do I really want to go back and ask my eldest brother and third brother for help?"

This kind of frustration made Yuanshi Tianzun a little unbearable, and he, who was always proud, naturally didn't want to ask Laozi and Tongtian for help.

However, the precious light emanating from the island keeps teasing me, there must be a treasure in it, so it's a pity to give up here!

"Forget it, I'm not as good as the third brother in the research of the battle, and it will be a waste of effort to continue trying to break the formation. Let's go back and ask the eldest brother and the third brother for help!"

Yuanshi Tianzun sighed, slowly withdrew his mana, and wanted to go back to find Lao Tzu and Tong Tian.

However, at the next moment, the formation outside Sanxian Island shook for a while, and then the barrier slowly dissipated.

In an instant, the rich aura above Sanxian Island suddenly dissipated as the barrier dissipated!

The three fairy islands are like pearls on the sea, shining brightly.

The fairy air is curling up on the island, and the sun is shining above the peak!

For a moment, Yuanshi Tianzun was dumbfounded.

He has traveled to the prehistoric world for so many years, and this is the first time he has seen such a holy place in the fairy mansion!

This is definitely the top fairy mansion in the prehistoric world!

What's more, there are still three immortal mansions, connected by air mechanisms, so you don't need to think about it, you know that it is absolutely indispensable!

"Good, good, good!"

Yuanshi Tianzun was excited: "There are exactly three fairy islands, one for each of my three brothers, and it is perfect for my Sanqing second dojo!"

If Yuanshi Tianzun just wanted to hunt for treasure before, then now, after seeing the whole picture of Sanxian Island, he has already given birth to the idea of ​​taking Sanxian Island as his own.

As for if there are living beings on the island who are sensible, they can just take a few spirit treasures and send them away.

If you say you don't know a person, then let the other party see what Pan Gu is authentic!

And Lin Long, who was hiding in the dark, couldn't help showing a sneer when he heard that Yuanshi Tianzun wanted to use Sanxian Island as Sanqing's second dojo.

"Yuanshi Tianzun, he just saw Sanxian Island and became malicious. Maybe he still wants to kill me. It seems that he must strike first!"

Immediately, with a thought, the Sanguang Shenshui in the palm shot out like a sharp arrow!

Not far away, Yuanshi Tianzun, who was still in excitement, suddenly felt a chill down his spine.

"Not good!"

Yuan Shi dodges subconsciously.

Swish!

After all, he is a person who will be sanctified in the future, and his methods are not vulgar, but this Sanguang Shenshui failed to hit him with one blow!

"Presumptuous, where did Xiaoxiao come from, dare to sneak attack on me!"

After narrowly dodging the Sanguang Shenshui, Yuanshi Tianzun was furious and turned to look in Lin Long's direction.

"It seems that the 60% chance of Yuan Shi's fall is not easy to do, after all, there is still a 40% chance."

However, he wasn't discouraged either. Now that he had made a move, he certainly couldn't have a second move.

As the sixth child who regards safety first as his criterion, how can he make a move if he is not sure?

Besides, he has already started, no matter whether he is a sage in the future or an authentic Pan Gu, just do it to death!

However, Yuanshi Tianzun is worthy of being the top powerhouse in the later stage of Daluo Jinxian, and he has already made a move in a flash!

The precious light above the three precious jade swayed, and the emerald green light was like a long snake, drawing towards Lin Long!

The power is so great that it almost tears the space!

Obviously, this old boy also had the intention of beheading Lin Long.

"Humph!"

A sneer appeared on the corner of Lin Long's mouth, and then he raised his hand, and a white lotus platform appeared vividly.

clang!

With a crisp sound, Yuanshi Tianzun's eyes suddenly showed disbelief.

"Pure World White Lotus! This treasure is actually in your hands!"

At this point, Yuanshi Tianzun already sensed that something was wrong.

Being able to possess a treasure of the level of Jingshi Bailian, the other party is definitely not a small character who can be manipulated by oneself.

But what he couldn't understand was that since the other party had a magic weapon of the level of Jingshi Bailian, which proved that the other party was also a great power, why did he choose to sneak attack?

Don't you want a bit of a master's demeanor?

However, Lin Long did not open his mouth to answer his doubts.

The villain dies because of talking too much, and in the same way, whether he is a villain or not, talking too much is of no benefit!

"Reverse time and space!"

He has grasped the fur of the law of time, and using the magic power of Da Luo Jinxian to display this law, it is of course impossible to reverse time and space by a large margin.

However, reversing this moment of time is still not a problem.

"what?"

Yuanshi Tianzun's eyes suddenly widened!

In an instant, the Sanguang Shenshui, which was avoided by Yuanshi, reappeared in front of Yuanshi with the reversal of time and space!

Moreover, there was no sign of it!

"what--"

Caught off guard, Sanguang Shenshui directly hit Yuanshi Tianzun's chest!

I saw the three flowers on the top melting at a speed visible to the naked eye!

Although the Sanguang Shenshui is a holy medicine for healing and can revive human flesh and bones, it depends on how it is used.

The three kinds of divine water were separated and hit together directly, causing the three flowers of Yuanshi to wither, and the realm of cultivation retreated rapidly!

"This thing is Sanguang Shenshui!"

At this time, the well-informed Yuan always understood what this thing glowing with three-color light was!

And he finally understood that he had hit the iron plate!

But the person on the opposite side didn't speak at the moment, which showed that there was no room for turning things around.

Feeling the loss of his mana realm, Yuanshi didn't hesitate, and before his realm completely fell out of the late stage of Daluo, he turned his head and ran away!

Keep the green hills here without worrying about no firewood!

"Damn it, as expected of the authentic Pangu, the running posture is so doggy!"

Lin Long was stunned for a moment, he didn't expect Yuanshi Tianzun to run away completely regardless of Sanqing's identity!

In such a stunned effort, Yuan Shi's figure had already traveled hundreds of millions of miles and disappeared.

"No, the movement just now was too loud, and it has already attracted the attention of other creatures!"

Lin Long had no intention of pursuing him. On the one hand, he was too poor to pursue him, and chasing him was not in line with his safety-first principle.

Secondly, he also felt a lot of disordered atmosphere around him, and the fluctuation of his action just now has attracted the attention of no less than ten gods.

"Sanxian Island must be hidden as soon as possible!"

Lin Long did not neglect, and immediately returned to the Sanxian Island, and once again propped up the Sanxian Floating Formation, and at the same time, added dozens of formations to conceal the breath.

That's how foolproof it is.

As soon as Lin Long completed the arrangement, the Sanxian Island above the East China Sea also disappeared, and the magnificent sea level returned to its original state, a piece of blue.

Just a quarter of an hour after Lin Long completed all the formations, more than a dozen figures rushed over and appeared in the midair.

"Huh? There was a strong law fluctuation here just now. Why is it gone now? Could it be gone?"

"What kind of law is that? Why does it feel so strong? It's too terrifying. Could it be that another mighty figure like the ancestor dragon, Yuanfeng, Shiqilin appeared in the prehistoric world?"

"Oh, Honghuang, it's really a troubled time!"

All the creatures who came here sighed, and after some investigations were fruitless, they could only leave in resentment.

However, they didn't know that Lin Long had been hiding in the formation, watching them quietly.

Once they have any signs of wanting to play tricks, he will not hesitate to use his magical powers, guessing how likely he is to win by doing it himself!

Seeing all these creatures leave now, Lin Long let out a long breath.

"Fortunately, there are no creatures in the realm of Daluo Jinxian nearby, otherwise the Three Immortals Island might not be able to hide."

With the lessons learned from Yuanshi Tianzun, Lin Long understood that Da Luo Jinxian had already detected the possibility of Sanxian Island. Although it could not be broken, it was still a hidden danger.

"The old boy Yuanshi escaped, and he knows the location of Sanxian Island. If he continues to stay here, he will be in trouble sooner or later."


		