

Seeing Lin Long walking over with a smile on his face, Jieyin and Zhunti being tied up into rice dumplings, he felt like crying.

Fortunately, the two brothers thought they were lucky before, and they really collected a lot of geniuses and treasures when they came out of Zixiao Palace.

But looking at it now, it's really hard to say who is lucky!

Look at the smile on Lin Long's face again, can there be no smile? Every time they met these two brothers, they searched a lot, but they were all searched by Lin Long every time.

These two goods are no longer considered robbery, but poverty alleviation!

"Master Dragon God, this, this is a misunderstanding..."

Jieyin said with a smile uglier than crying.

However, Lin Long raised his brows lightly: "Oh, misunderstanding? Why do I think this is not a misunderstanding? Just now you came towards me and fellow Taoist Nuwa excitedly, why?"

As soon as his words fell, Zhunti quickly apologized and said with a smile: "Master Dragon God, of course I want to come to see the demeanor of Lord Dragon God and Senior Sister Nuwa."

"yes?"

Lin Long chuckled, and then his face suddenly became cold and serious, and with a wave of his sleeves, there were slight ripples in the space.

As the ripples calmed down, some pictures began to appear on it.

"Hmph, the little mountain spirit dares to possess such a treasure, so hand it over quickly!"

In the picture, Jieyin and Zhunti pointed at a monk in the realm of Taiyi Jinxian, and forcibly seized the treasure!

Immediately, with a wave of Lin Long's robe sleeves, the screen changed, and it was another introduction and acceptance.

"This thing has a destiny with me in the west, and I ask fellow Taoists to know some current affairs, and hand it over quickly!"

Following Lin Long's movements, the screen rotated more than ten times in a row, all of which were the same rhetoric and the same picture.

Jieyin and Zhunti were bound by space chains at the moment, their heads were almost hanging down into their crotches.

Is there anything more embarrassing than being exposed to a lie on the spot?

Obviously, these pictures alone are enough to see that these two guys are repeat offenders.

Nuwa originally felt shy when Lin Long held her hand, but now after seeing the shameless faces of Zhunti and Jieyin, that shyness was unknowingly forgotten, and some of them were just jealous of these two people. disdain.

On the other hand, Jieyin and Zhunti, besides embarrassment, also have doubts at this moment.

They didn't understand whether Lin Long and Nuwa were following behind them all the time, or whether they relied on the law of time to forcefully deduce these scenes.

You know, they were lucky at that time, and they were worried about being discovered by Lin Long.

At this time, Lin Long looked at the two of them up and down, and had to say that these two guys really had a lot of talent in the way of robbery.

The harvest of these two goods is not small. From the screen alone, there are four or five pieces of Xiantian Lingbao, and there are more than a dozen pieces of Acquired Lingbao, and this is not counting those spiritual roots and grasses.

"Okay, don't talk nonsense, hand it over."

"Don't hide your secrets, I know what you all took."

For these two Western saints in the future, it is really difficult for Lin Long to develop a good impression.

If Taoist Hongjun is a hypocrite, then these two are real villains.

Just look at the targets they just looted, all of them are two levels lower than themselves, and they have to bully the less with more, which can be said to be shameless.

Thinking about it carefully, it seems that this is also the consistent style of the two.

Even if he became a saint, this problem has not been corrected.

Bully the small with the big, bully the few with the more.

Lin Long likes to repay him with his own way.

With Lin Long's current cultivation base, it is meaningless to bully ordinary creatures.

But if you want to say that this creature is Yingying and Zhunti, then Lin Long is not only interested, but also very big.

Just like at this moment, with Lin Long's wealth, of course, there is no shortage of these two spiritual treasures.

Seeing the depressed expressions of the two of them again, Lin Long felt relieved for a while.

Sure enough, when Jieyin and Zhunti heard Lin Long's words, their faces instantly turned green.

Seeing the two brothers take out the treasure with a look of inseparable pain, the smile on Lin Long's face began to spread at a speed visible to the naked eye.

But in a short while, the two brothers took out all the treasures they searched in the east.

In fact, they also wanted to try to keep two pieces, but as soon as they thought about it, they were stared back by Lin Long.

In the end, the two had no choice but to hand over all the treasures and spiritual roots and grasses they had found, leaving nothing behind.

Even some of the spiritual roots they had accumulated in the west were forced to hand them over.

Lin Long looked at the treasures and spiritual roots and spiritual grass they handed over, and couldn't help curling his lips: "I said that you are also monks in the perfect state of Daluo Jinxian, and you almost killed your corpse to become a quasi-sage. Why are you so rich? It's not enough to say it Shameful, what should I do if I encounter robbery? How embarrassing."

There was no embarrassment in saying this correctly, but Nuwa covered her mouth and smiled lightly.

Who said no, wouldn't you encounter robbers today? I also despise them for having too little wealth.

Seeing Lin Long making sarcastic remarks, Jieyin and Zhunti felt their hearts were bleeding.

The West is really poor. The two searched the West for nearly ten thousand years, but they didn't find any good things.

After Luohu detonated the western spiritual veins back then, although Lin Long took the initiative to restore the spiritual veins, they were no longer innate things after all. Some spiritual grass roots that originally grew in the west also gradually degenerated into ordinary flowers and plants, let alone go further. up.

As for those innate spiritual treasures that originally belonged to the West, they had almost been searched by Luo Hu long ago.

And those spirit treasures that have not been born, without the nourishment of a complete innate spirit vein, it is difficult to be born.

The treasures looted by Luo Hu before should all be in Hongjun's treasury at this moment.

What's more, Bie Linlong looted the treasures that the two brothers had looted time and time again. The combination of various conditions made it impossible for the two brothers to kill the corpse even if they wanted to get a congenital treasure.

It can be said that it is hard to the extreme.

After Lin Long finished his sarcastic remarks, he didn't make things difficult for them anymore, after all, they still have something to use in the future.

"Okay, you can go, remember to bring more things next time you go out."

Hearing Lin Long's teasing words, Jieyin and Zhunti staggered when the chain was loosened.

Co-author, are you treating us brothers as a surprise treasure chest?

"Brother, let's go."

Jieyin sighed, grabbed Zhunti, and wanted to leave this place.

They just want to stay away from Lin Long, and it is best not to see him forever.

However, just after the two brothers turned and left, Lin Long's voice suddenly rang in their ears.

"If you want to completely restore the Western spirit veins in the future, you can come to the land of Beihai!"

After finishing speaking, without waiting for Jieyin and Zhunti to react, Lin Long pulled Nuwa and disappeared.

"Senior Brother, did you hear that? What does Cyanwood Dragon God mean... Could it be that he has the means to restore the Western Spiritual Meridian? To restore it to the innate level?"

Zhun Ti was startled, turned his head to look, but he could no longer see Lin Long.

This sentence was too attractive to him.

After all, these two guys regard the West as their home, and all their efforts, including all kinds of cheekiness, have only one purpose.

Rejuvenate the West!

Now that Lin Long threw out the bait, Zhunti naturally felt a ripple in his heart.

However, Jie Yin hesitated for a moment, and finally said: "Junior Brother, you think too much, the Western Spirit Vessel is damaged, and Lin Long tried to repair it back then, but he couldn't repair it completely. The saint can't completely recover even if he takes a shot, how could he have a way?!"

In fact, it's not that Jieyin doesn't believe Lin Long's words, it's mainly because he doesn't believe Lin Long.

The two brothers suffered too much at the hands of Lin Long. Who knows if there is another trap waiting for their brothers after going to Beihai?

Zhunti nodded, full of gloom, and Jieyin left the Eastern Land gloomily.

The East is their sad place, and if possible, they never want to come again.

And just after the two left completely, the figures of Lin Long and Nuwa reappeared.

"Brother Lin, why did you tell them that just now? Could it be that you really have the means to completely restore the Western Spiritual Meridian?"

Lin Long nodded: "Since I said so, there must be a solution."

"But, are you really going to help them?"

Nuwa didn't doubt Lin Long's words, but she was a little puzzled: "I think these two people's hearts are really..."

"No problem."

Lin Long said leisurely: "Although these two brothers are despicable and shameless, they are worth using. If they come looking for me, I can help them, but it must not be for nothing!"

The Second Shame of the West has no intention of betraying Taoism yet. At this stage, what they want to do more is Hongjun's dog licking.

After all, the strength of the two is not enough for the time being.

However, after these two guys became saints, they gradually became rebellious, and naturally they would remember what they just said.

At that time, it is time to really balance the two.

Before that, what I need to do is to keep putting pressure on these two guys and leave them with an inherent impression that I don't get along well.

Otherwise, these two white-eyed wolves might bite back at any time!

Lin Long didn't want to be pecked by geese all day long!

The majestic Aoki Dragon God naturally cannot capsize in the gutter, after all, safety comes first!


		