

What Lin Long did was beyond Luo Hu's expectations!

He originally thought that even though Lin Long liked to search for spiritual grasses and spiritual roots, he would not be so courageous as to steal the spiritual veins of the West. After all, this thing was related to the entire West.

Isn't that bastard afraid of carrying the karma of the West from now on?

Such a big cause and effect, even if he has practiced the law of cause and effect, can he bear it?

But when Luo Hu wanted to catch Lin Long, Lin Long had already disappeared without a trace.

"Very good! Lin Long, very good! You are very good!"

The theft of the Western spirit vein is equivalent to the loss of a part of Luo Hu's Western luck.

Forefoot Luo Hu also thought that at a certain level, the treasures of heaven, material and earth are useless, and luck is the real precious thing. The next second, the spiritual veins and luck of the West will be stolen.

This spirit vein is not that spirit vein.

In later generations, some mineral veins that can produce aura stones are also called spiritual veins, but this thing is too low, whether it is Lin Long or Luo Hu, they are worthless and vulgar in their eyes.

And the spirit vein that Lin Long stole is closer to the dragon vein in Fengshui theory!

However, the difference is that the dragon veins control the luck of a dynasty, while the spiritual veins control the luck of a world!

Lin Long stealthily intercepted a section of spiritual veins, which was equivalent to intercepting the luck of a side of heaven and earth.

It may not be obvious right now, but as time goes by, the aura or birth of creatures in the entire West will gradually decline, until it is completely barren.

If it was in the past, Lin Long would not have dared to do this. After all, this matter involved the cause and effect of the entire prehistoric future. Even if he had the luck protection of the Dao, he might not be able to bear it.

But it's different now.

The battle between Dao and Demon is approaching, I just need to use the law of cause and effect to temporarily suppress this period of cause and effect, wait until Luo Hu and Hongjun fight, and then the remaining part of the Western Spiritual Vein is blown up, then the cause and effect will be all here On the two of you.

This is also the reason why Lin Long didn't completely steal the spirit vein, but intercepted a section of it.

Afterwards, he cultivated a section of the spiritual vein in his hand into a new spiritual vein belonging to Sanxian Island. In this way, his own small world and the real big world that opened up the world will be closer.

This is a great thing for me!


In the western world, an unknown fairy mountain cave.

Jieyin and Zhunti, who had been robbed of two top-quality treasures by Lin Long, were both looking sad at the moment.

As for the wound pierced through the heart by Lin Long's claws, it was nothing to Zhun Ti at the moment.

Because he suffers from something else.

"Senior brother, your life and mine are really miserable. We don't have many treasures in our hands, and now we have been robbed of two more. This loss may not be able to make up for it in tens of thousands of years."

Zhun Ti spoke with snot and tears, while Jie Yin stood aside, sighed, and said: "Junior brother, don't think too much about this matter, it is a great blessing to be able to save one's life. You and I have also seen the fight between Cyanwood Dragon God and Luo Hu, and when he attacked you and me, Cyanwood Dragon God probably didn't even use 10% of his strength."

"In his eyes, we are just ants!"

Although he was unwilling, but relatively speaking, Jieyin was quite rational.

In this situation, the situation is not as good as others, and he can only smash his teeth and swallow it in his stomach.

"Senior brother, I just feel aggrieved. Why is our treasure destined to be with him? This Cyanwood Dragon God is really hateful!"

Zhunti is still aggrieved, but his mantra in the past has been used on him. This kind of aggrieved feeling can be imagined.

"Forget it, Junior Brother, the future will be long, you and I should practice hard, and in the West there is Rahu's support, as long as you and I don't take the initiative to stand out, at least you and I don't have to worry about safety issues, then Lin Long will definitely not dare to really make trouble in the West!"

When Jie Yin said this, helplessness flashed in his eyes: "It's a pity that Luo Hu's eyes are higher than the top, and we are not on the same side, otherwise we can use him to help us avenge!"

"Ugh."

Zhunti sighed, of course he also knew how the man known as the Demon Ancestor had eyes above his head, so how could he talk to his senior brother now.

"Forget it, senior brother, let's practice hard, wait for me to recover from my injuries, and then you and I will go..."

However, before Zhunti finished speaking, a burst of crazy laughter came from outside the mountain.

"Hahahaha, there is a treasure hidden here! I didn't find it before, so I'm more confident in dealing with that old bastard Hongjun. Let me do it!"

With the crazily laughing, the demonic energy suddenly grew!

The next moment, before Jieyin and Zhunti could react, they felt the world spinning!

This fairy mountain cave was actually lifted up and thrown out!

The whole fairy mountain!

The fairy mountain cave mansion built by the two brothers was turned into ruins just like that!

"Who! Who is it again!"

Angrily, Jieyin and Zhunti's faces turned livid, never expecting that they would be so troubled.

It's fine to say that he was robbed by Lin Long before, it was Lin Long who he provoked first.

But now the two brothers and sisters are sitting in the cave mansion comfortably, and disaster has come from heaven!

"I want to see, which bastard it is...it's him!"

Picking up the angry bullfight, Gang dragged Zhunti to go back to find the perpetrator.

However, when the cold wind blew, the devilish energy that filled the sky made him stunned.

In the demonic energy, a figure appeared, it was the Demon Ancestor Luohu!

This is also a shame!

At this moment, Luo Hu was filled with demon energy, and he was rummaging under the uprooted mountain.

From Luo Hu's actions, it can be inferred that there should be a hidden formation here!

"Junior Brother, there is actually a formation hidden under our cave, which you and I have not discovered before!"

Jieyin opened his eyes wide, a bitterness flashed through his eyes.

Fortunately, I and Zhunti were robbing everywhere, and there is a treasure under my own cave!

Moreover, the baby that Luo Hu could take a fancy to must not be lower in level!

And at this moment, Luo Hu laughed wildly: "Hahahaha, it finally broke!"

As the sound fell, the sword energy soaring into the sky rose suddenly, tearing the sky apart!

"Haha, good, this thing is destined for me!"

After saying a word, Zhunti spat out another mouthful of blood and almost passed out.

What happened today?

Why are there predestined things everywhere?

And this predestined relationship is not his own!

Now when he hears the word "Yu Yuan" and "Yu Yuan", he gets dizzy like a dick!

Looking at the cave under the fairy mountain, it has already been ruined after Luo Hu broke through the formation to get the treasure. The fairy mountain was thrown out, and most of the aura of tossing and tossing disappeared.

"Huh? What are you two juniors doing here?"

Luo Hu stretched out his hand and put away the four long swords filled with sword energy, and then held a formation map in his hand.

Out of the corner of his eye, he also noticed Yingying and Zhunti.

At this time, Jieyin and Zhunti both felt like crying.

"Senior, this place...is our dojo, this treasure..."

The two brothers have been robbing for so many years, so they naturally have good eyesight. Of course, they can tell what level of treasure the four long swords and the formation map that Luo Hu put away are.

These four swords and formation diagrams are complementary to each other. This kind of good thing is hidden under my fairy mountain, and my senior brothers have never known it!

Now that the Demon Ancestor Luohu appeared to take the treasure away, of course their senior brothers had nothing to do, and they only hoped that the Demon Ancestor Luohu would give them some compensation for the fact that this is their ashram.

"Huh? The whole west is my dojo, let you two juniors live, and you dare to take advantage of me?"

The demon energy in Luo Hu's eyes rose, which was exactly the same as Lin Long's feeling of coercion before. The two of them once again felt the feeling of being oppressed as ants.

It's just that Luo Hu is the ancestor of the devil after all, he doesn't have too many scruples like Lin Long, after all, this guy is proving the way by killing.

As soon as the coercion was released, blood spewed out from the pores of the whole body of Jieyin and Zhunti, and his whole body was covered in blood in just one thought.

Then followed by a palm, Jieyin and Zhunti flew upside down like a kite with a broken string!

This is also because Luo Hu didn't deliberately kill him, otherwise the two of them would be killed immediately!

"Hmph, let's talk about the conditions with this seat. Do you think you are Lin Long? You deserve it too!"

For some reason, Luo Hu thought of Lin Long inexplicably when he saw that Zhun Ti was asking for benefits from him.

If Lin Long could use the benefits to pay off like these two guys, he could save himself a lot of trouble.

But having said that, if Lin Long really behaved like Zhun Ti Jie Yin, Luo Hu would really look down on him.

"Humph!"

After a cold snort, Luo Hu didn't take the two ants to heart, put away the four long swords and the formation map, turned around and left with a flick of his sleeves.

So what if you lose the Western Spirit Vein?

It's a big deal, just go to the east to grab it back in the future!


And the two brothers who were sent flying by Luo Hu's palm finally woke up from the coma after an unknown period of time.

"Brother, treasure, our treasure..."

Zhunti burst into tears: "The law of heaven is not fair, the law of heaven is not fair!"

The two brothers who have always liked to calculate have suffered a series of blows today.

In the face of absolute strength, any calculation is useless!

"Forget it, Junior Brother. Let's find a place to cultivate in a fairy mountain earlier. Whether it's the Demon Ancestor or the Cyanwood Dragon God, neither of us can afford to provoke us today. Today's shame, you and I will get it back sooner or later!"


		