

Faced with the doubts in the eyes of Hongjun and all the saints, Lao Tzu was extremely embarrassed and didn't know how to answer.

After thinking for a while, Lao Tzu could only bite the bullet and say euphemistically: "Nowadays, the human race doesn't know much about us saints. If we send disciples to teach the future emperor at this moment, I'm afraid it will not be easy for the human race to accept."

Although the words were tactful, I felt that I had already said it quite clearly, so I almost told these people directly that the merits of the human race have long been mastered, so don't worry about it, otherwise it will be easy to ask for trouble.

However, few people could not understand his thoughts.

Especially Yuanshi Tianzun.

Since becoming a saint, Yuanshi Tianzun's mentality has undergone earth-shaking changes.

All saints are ants!

Just because of this sentence, after being sanctified, no matter how easy-going you are, you will feel somewhat superior, which is unavoidable.

In particular, Yuanshi Tianzun's personality was already arrogant, but now that he has been proclaimed and sanctified, he is even more arrogant and completely ignored.

"Hmph, so what if you are a mere human race? If you don't respect the saint, the protagonist of this world will do the same if you change the race!"

As soon as he said this, no one else reacted, only Jieyin and Zhunti trembled, looked at each other, obediently shut up and did not dare to say anything.

Compared with Yuanshi Tianzun, the western duo was manipulated several times by Lin Long, obviously much better, and more aware of current affairs.

Now it's time to say that this idiot should not splash his own blood when he is about to die.

So what if you become a saint? It's not invincible anymore!

Didn’t you miss seeing Dao Patriarch Hongjun when he became holy? Didn’t you see that Hongjun was subdued by the Dragon God?

How many days have you been sanctified? Who is the big guy standing behind the human race? Yuanshi Tianzun doesn't have any clues in his heart?

Jieyin and Zhunti seemed to have predicted that Yuanshi Tianzun would definitely be unlucky in the coming days, so the two brothers moved their figures away from Yuanshi without any trace, for fear of getting anything to do with Yuanshi.

But Hongjun heard some deep meaning in Lao Tzu's words, and then looked at Lao Tzu with deep eyes, and asked in a deep voice: "Lao Tzu, you founded the Human Education, can you recruit disciples now?"

Hearing this, I didn't know how to answer for a while.

He didn't accept his disciples, but the problem is that preaching is not rare.

In order to get enough merit and make up for his previous losses, Lao Tzu did his best in the human race, all he had to do was attend classes during the day and hold remedial classes at night, just to earn more merit.

Of course, the main reason is that Lin Long did not break his promise. The more powerful people I teach, the more merit he will gain. Therefore, this is beneficial, and I will rush forward, and I can't control it for a while , and passed on his enlightenment ability among the human race.

In this case, how could he care about recruiting disciples?

So, now being asked by Hongjun, he felt a little embarrassed.

"Reporting to Master, the disciple did not take in disciples, but in line with the purpose of human education and establishment of education, the disciple did teach some human disciples in the human race."

Hongjun glanced at Lao Tzu, but did not continue to ask, but secretly calculated in his heart.

Because he already faintly felt that something was wrong with Lao Tzu.

It's okay if you don't calculate it, but once you calculate it, Hongjun almost spurts out a mouthful of old blood when he learned the truth of the matter!

This is called slightly teaching?

Hongjun looked at Hongjun with cold eyes, as if to say, Lin Long asked for it, so you just gave it to him?

The whole race of the human race can't wait to be taught by you, but you have the nerve to say that you only taught some human races a little?

I was also embarrassed by this look, as if I had done something wrong, my old face twitched slightly, and I simply closed my eyes and sat aside, pretending to be dead.

Hongjun's heart became more and more angry.

You fucking taught people to do things beyond imagination, and now you still send a saint to use a hammer?

The human race doesn't like outsiders very much. Now that a clone of your majestic saint is teaching the human race with all its strength, no matter how hard the other saint disciples work, can they win over you?

Hongjun's face was gloomy and his eyes were complicated. He originally wanted to take advantage of the birth of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors to seek the position of Saint Master, so as to share some of the luck of the human race.

Then slowly plot humanity, and then use the power of humanity to regain control of the way of heaven.

But now it seems that things are far from being as simple as I thought.

That guy Lin Long has always been difficult to deal with, and these small tricks are obviously not enough.

Before that, Hongjun had never wanted to use Luo Hu's power. After all, Luo Hu was the ancestor of the devil, and he was destined to run counter to himself. Excessive use of Luo Hu's power would only make Luo Hu stronger, and it would be more difficult for him to Take control.

If you rely too much on Luo Hu, maybe one day Luo Hu will really be reborn physically. At that time, Lin Long can't solve it, and there will be another enemy like Luo Hu, then he won't have to hang around in the wild.

But……

But now I can't help myself, there are some idiots underneath!

Hongjun sighed, and looked down at Yuanshi Tianzun who was still looking at him expectantly. Obviously, Yuanshi Tianzun hadn't given up the idea of ​​being a saint yet.

"Forget it, the position of Saint Master, you can decide for yourself. Within the scope of your ability, you can try to curb the development of the human race."

Hongjun was so tired that he didn't want to explain too much. After saying a word, his figure gradually disappeared.

Thinking back to the past, it was Lin Long who was constantly trying to stop himself and slow down his rhythm when he merged with the Dao of Heaven.

But now things have to be reversed, Lin Long wants to develop the human race, and he has to find a way to slow down the development of the human race.

It was only at this time that Hongjun suddenly realized that invisibly, in his heart, he had already acquiesced in the fact that his strength was not as good as Lin Long's.

"Hmph, strength and weakness are only temporary, fat is not fat, and whoever wins is not sure!"

Following the calculations in Hongjun's mind, Luo Hu's voice suddenly sounded in Hongjun's heart: "Hehe, Hongjun, even a younger generation can't deal with it. In my opinion, you and I should cooperate, integrate the power of Taoism, and directly Kill that Lin Long, and everything will be settled!"

This guy never let go of any chance to bewitch Hongjun.

However, Hongjun snorted coldly, and did not want to talk too much nonsense with Luo Hu.


In Zixiao Palace, following Hongjun's departure, the five saints also stood up from the futons.

"Everyone, the master has just said that the position of the holy master is for us to decide for ourselves. I still have the previous opinion. Now there are twelve golden immortals who have both virtues and virtues. The position of the holy master should be at least three of them. !"

Yuanshi Tianzun said: "The emperor, the emperor, the emperor, the saints of the three emperors, I will do my part to explain and teach, what do you think?"

While speaking, his eyes scanned the several saints on the side. Of course, the most important thing was to look at Jieyin and Zhunti. If you don't agree, we will fight.

Jieyin and Zhunti naturally also saw Yuanshi's gaze, and then snorted coldly: "Hmph, I will not interfere with your Eastern affairs, and my two brothers will return to the West now!"

"Everyone, take your leave. If there is anything to do in the future, I hope you will not come to the west to find us."

The two bid farewell, but when they snorted coldly, a smile quietly appeared on the corners of their mouths.

That Yuanshi was not polite, seeing that Yingying and Zhunti were so knowledgeable, he immediately nodded in satisfaction: "In that case, walk slowly and don't see you off!"

With the departure of the western duo, there are only three brothers, Sanqing, left in Zixiao Palace.

"Big Brother, Third Brother, what do you say about this matter?"

Three emperors and five emperors, a total of eight saints.

The old man shook his head and sighed: "The luck of the human race is not good enough to intervene, second brother, you should think about it before making a decision."

Yuanshi Tianzun couldn't understand Lao Tzu's words, so he said stubbornly: "I don't need to bother you, brother. I don't want to be greedy for teaching. I only want the position of the three emperors and saints. How about the position of the five emperors? Give it to you."

Obviously, he didn't take Lao Tzu's words to heart.

On the contrary, Master Tongtian, who was at the side, had a thoughtful look on his face after hearing what Lao Tzu said.

Afterwards, the Master Tongtian looked at Lao Tzu again, thinking of the abnormal performance of Jieyin and Zhunti before, he simply warned: "Second brother, I think this matter is quite strange. bit, let’s forget it.”

Tongtian was also out of kindness, no matter what, the current Sanqing hadn't turned against each other, so when he could persuade him, he still kindly persuaded him.

However, Yuanshi Tianzun, who had never been hit after being sanctified, could not understand this kind of emotion in this persuasive words.

"Third brother, what you said is wrong. The position of the saint teacher is determined by Master Hongjun. How can there be a problem? If you are really worried, then I will teach the position of the teacher of the three emperors and five emperors." How about taking it, so that your third brother's teaching will not take more risks?"

Yuanshi Tianzun smiled sarcastically.


		