

"Lin Long! What happened today, I swear that I will never die with you!"

Hongjun's sound transmission reached Lin Long's ears thousands of miles away.

At this moment, Lin Long took Nuwa away from the Wu Clan, and after hearing Hongjun's sound transmission, he couldn't help but froze for a moment.

"What's the situation? Why is Hongjun so well-behaved?"

Lin Long murmured to himself: "I'm not going to die with me, isn't it not going to die long ago?"

He also heard Dijiang's roar just now, and he originally wanted to solve the matter among the witch clan, but he didn't expect that before Lin Long could react, Hongjun had already been repelled by the thunder, followed by a burst of anger A satisfied voice came.

"Old man, blame me for everything!"

Lin Long snorted, and then he had a thought, made some calculations, and couldn't help laughing.

The co-author is that this old guy also put his idea on Houtu after he left, but the Wu clan has already heard his instructions and knows the benefits and disadvantages of Houtu's sanctification by virtue of the way of heaven.

Hongjun deliberately wanted to destroy Houtu, but was publicly exposed by the Wu clan.

Because the Wu Clan is of Pan Gu blood and is protected by the Dao of Heaven, Hongjun deliberately wanted to attack the Wu Clan directly as a Taoist, but was bitten by the Dao of Heaven.

This was definitely a surprise for Lin Long.

Under the backlash of heaven, Lin Long estimated that Hongjun's cultivation should have been greatly affected.

"Tsk tsk, it's really unintentional to plant willows and willows into shades. This time, Hongjun has reaped the consequences of his own evil."

There was a bit of a smile on his face, but he didn't bother to pay attention to Hongjun's threats.

The two have been immortal for a long time, but they can live in peace only if they can't get rid of each other.

And now Lin Long's cultivation level is stronger than Hong Jun's. If he didn't know that this old guy had escaped, maybe Lin Long would have to find this old guy to make up his sword and see if he could kill him directly!

But unfortunately, Lin Long tried to deduce it, but found that he could not detect Hongjun's trace at all, so he had no choice but to give up.

Obviously, Hongjun also understands the relationship between the two, and after he suffered backlash, he naturally tried to hide.

And before he fully recovered from his injuries, he couldn't jump out to fight Lin Long for the time being.

This made Lin Long feel a lot easier.


Under Nuwa's repeated strong request, Lin Long was invited to come to Buzhou Mountain again.

Looking at the Pangu's spine connecting the sky and the earth, Lin Long felt a sense of emotion again.

Originally staying in the realm of Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian's late stage, it began to gradually loosen.

The traces of Daoyun appeared on Lin Long's body, and dozens of laws surrounded Lin Long's body like swimming fish.

"Brother Lin has realized again!"

Nuwa could tell at a glance that Lin Long had entered the state of epiphany again!

For a top power like Lin Long, this kind of epiphany is extremely precious. Nuwa naturally understands this truth, so she didn't dare to disturb Lin Long, and simply placed a layer of restrictions around Lin Long, and she guarded it personally. By Lin Long's side, protecting the law for Lin Long.

[You observe the luck of Buzhou Mountain again, and you have some insights in your heart, and your potential has improved]

[You observe the luck of Buzhou Mountain again, and you have some insights in your heart. The proficiency of the law of strength has increased, and the current proficiency is 60%]

[You observe the luck of Buzhou Mountain, you get a state of epiphany, and the bottleneck of your cultivation begins to loosen]

Ways of improvement emerged in Lin Long's mind.

But Lin Long didn't have the time to read these prompts at the moment. As he started immediately, with him as the center, he seemed to be transformed into a black hole, absorbing all the spiritual energy scattered in the world and the power of law scattered between the world into his body .

After a full hundred years, the vision gradually disappeared, and Lin Long slowly opened his eyes.

After experiencing his own cultivation level, Lin Long nodded with satisfaction: "This place is really my blessed place, almost every time I come here, I get a lot of rewards."

After this epiphany, Lin Long's cultivation has already half-stepped into Hunyuan Wuji Luo Jinxian.

That is, the perfect realm of Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian.

The current Lin Long, even against Hongjun who was not injured before, is very confident and can easily suppress the opponent.

The next step is to consider how to enter the realm of Hunyuan Wuji Luo Jinxian.

In order to enter the Hunyuan Wuji Luo Jinxian realm, in addition to deepening the understanding of the law, there are two crucial things.

One is the heel, which is enough to support the Dao Fruit of Hunyuan Wuji Luo Jinxian.

This heel must at least reach the heel of the Chaos Demon God.

The second is the Tao of the Dao.

In Buzhou Mountain, the evil thoughts of Pan Gu and the words of Pan Gu's evil thoughts were not all lies. If you want to enter the realm of Hunyuan Wutai Luojin Immortal, you really need a Taoist seed.

This thing, the world tree can be cultivated, but the speed is very slow.

As for the issue of heels, Lin Long already had some plans in mind.

When Pan Gu opened up the world, although he killed all three thousand demon gods, and the evil spirit after the death of the three thousand demon gods formed a wild beast, it should not be possible for all the corpses to be completely wiped out.

Go to Chaos to search by yourself, if you can collect enough Demon God blood, and then use the Dao to reshape the supernatural power, there is a high chance that your blood can evolve into Chaos Demon God.

Lin Long was lost in thought when suddenly a slightly cold voice came into his mind.

"Lin Long, I need your help!"

The voice was a little cold, like a mechanical lock with no emotion at all.

Lin Long frowned suddenly, and he was able to transmit the voice into his mind without being aware of it. The other party's cultivation base is not easy, at least, he will not be inferior to himself and Hongjun!

In the prehistoric world, is there such a strong man?

"Who are you?"

Lin Long didn't panic, but asked afterward.

The voice was silent for a moment, and then replied: "I am the Dao of Heaven in this world."

"Are you Heaven?"

Hearing this answer, Lin Long couldn't help being startled, but immediately calmed down.

Although the other party claims to be the way of heaven, who knows if it is true or not?

"How do you prove that you are the way of heaven?"

Following Lin Long's questioning, the voice fell silent again, and then, above Lin Long's head, a golden cloud of merit quickly condensed!

And in the center of Jinyun, a small Eye of Heaven opened!

This is definitely not like Hongjun's power of heaven mixed with mana!

On this point, Lin Long, who had fought against Hongjun, understood that this could not be faked.

The communication between him and the Dao of Heaven was all in his consciousness. Nvwa on the side only saw a golden cloud of merit suddenly appearing on the top of Lin Long's head, who was in an epiphany, and he was startled with a small mouth, and his face was full of disbelief.

However, she didn't bother Lin Long, she just thought that her elder brother Lin was blessed by heaven, and that enlightenment would also be blessed with merit.

"Lin Long, I need your help."

In consciousness, Tiandao's cold voice came again.

"I'll help you?"

Lin Long answered Tiandao's words, and his thoughts were spinning rapidly.

Tiandao took the initiative to hook up with himself... No, he took the initiative to talk to himself, and he also asked himself, if he didn't make a good plan, how could he treat himself?

"Yes, I don't have much time to wake up. Hongjun just touched some rules and suffered a backlash. Now he has left Honghuang to recuperate. When he comes back, I will fall into a deep sleep again."

"I need you to stop him, don't let him reverse and devour the way of heaven!"

"If the way of heaven is used by individuals, there will be countless deaths and injuries for the prehistoric creatures. At that time, the entire prehistoric will be destroyed!"

After listening to Tiandao's explanation, Lin Long finally understood.

Just now I was still thinking, Tiandao hadn't moved at all before, and now it suddenly appeared to talk to me, it was really suspicious.

But now he understood that it was because of Hongjun that the Will of Heaven had been falling into a deep sleep.

It was also because of Hongjun's negligence that he violated some rules, which caused him to suffer the backlash of heaven. Because he was worried that Lin Long would do something to him, he had no choice but to escape from the wilderness to recuperate.

This allowed Tiandao to temporarily wake up.

It has to be said that everything is doomed.

You can't live by doing your own crimes!

And Lin Long also got a key message from Tiandao's words.

"You mean, Hongjun is devouring the Dao of Heaven, not merging the Dao of Heaven?"

This information is critical.

As Lin Long asked, Tiandao quickly replied: "Yes, Hongjun is indeed devouring me, and he is constantly erasing the imprint of Pangu's existence in the prehistoric world."

"The prehistoric world is not perfect now, I see you as a strange number in heaven, maybe, you can stop Hongjun!"

Hearing Tiandao's words, Lin Long frowned slightly, cooperating with Honghuang Tiandao, he was begging himself to save Honghuang!

But Lin Long is not a savior.

Since you need something from others, you should show some sincerity!

"I can help you deal with Hongjun, but even if you are the way of heaven, you should give me some benefits if you ask me for help. Otherwise, why should I be so thankless? You must understand that with my cultivation base, Even if Hongjun devours you and takes charge of Honghuang, he will not be able to kill me!"

He has already cultivated into Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian, and he has already jumped out of the prehistoric category, so he naturally does not need to be under jurisdiction.

Heaven was silent.

Obviously, for the cold and emotionless Tiandao, this kind of worldly sophistication of asking for help and needing gifts is too strange.

"what do you need?"

As Tiandao opened his mouth, Lin Long smiled: "You are Tiandao, you always have the purple energy of the majesty, right? Take out ten or eight, and I promise to beat Hongjun like a grandson!"


		