

"I am Taoist Patriarch Hongjun, today I proclaimed the Tao and became holy in the prehistoric world! Thousands of years later, I will preach in the Primal Chaos Zixiao Palace. Anyone who is destined can come and listen!"

Daozu Hongjun's words, like the voice of heaven, spread throughout the prehistoric world.

In the Dragon God Realm, Lin Long's body also slowly opened its eyes.

"Hehe, it's interesting. This voice is actually transmitted through the way of heaven. It seems that Hongjun has already embarked on the road of harmony in advance."

"But this old guy can't wait too much, didn't he pay attention to the situation of Honghuang before joining the Dao?"

"Witch Clan and Monster Clan have not been in conflict for thousands of years. The Witch Clan and Monster Clan in the prehistoric land are beginning to migrate towards the world they created one after another. It won't be long before the prehistoric land will hardly see the Witch Clan again. clan and powerful monster clan.”

Integrating the Dao of Heaven will not be able to promote the catastrophe, and Hongjun's cultivation will stagnate accordingly. Even if he can cultivate, the progress will be extremely slow.

Lin Long asked himself, if he were Hongjun, after knowing the situation of the witch clan and the monster clan, he would definitely not choose to try to integrate the way of heaven now.

This is purely to make yourself uncomfortable.

Of course, what Lin Long didn't know was that he actually put a lot of pressure on Hongjun.

The previous dragon and phoenix understood that because of Lin Long, Hongjun had already carried a lot of karma.

Coupled with the karmic karma that destroys the spiritual veins in the West.

If it goes on like this, it will not be Zulong Yuanfeng Shiqilin who suppresses the four poles of the world, but Hongjun's turn.

In order not to be liquidated by the Dao of Heaven, Hongjun can only choose to start merging with the Dao of Heaven now.

Integrating the way of heaven, karma does not touch the body, and karma can be repaid later.

With no option of retreat, Hongjun naturally didn't pay too much attention to the affairs of the witch and demon clan.

Inside the Dragon Temple, Lin Long smiled and shook his head and got up.

"Forget it, what happened to Hongjun has nothing to do with me."

"Hongjun said, this is a major event, if you don't get involved, it would be too boring, besides, that old thing still owes me a good fortune jade plate."

Thinking of this, Lin Long immediately sent a voice transmission to several of his disciples.

"Gongming, Yunxiao, Qiongxiao, Bixiao, hurry up and make a trip to the Master Hall!"

The few disciples did not dare to neglect, but within a short time, Zhao Gongming and San Xiao had already arrived outside the Dragon God Hall.

Today's Zhao Gongming and San Xiao's cultivation is no longer at the same level as in the past.

There are various resources in the Dragon God Realm, plus Lin Long's training, and now Zhao Gongming and San Xiao have all reached the early stage of Da Luo Jinxian!

In the prehistoric world, although it is not top-notch, at least it is not weak.

Of course, if it was in the Dragon God Realm, it would be a bit out of the question.

In the current Dragon God Realm, there are already dozens of Daluo Jinxians who have reached perfection, and there are even two or three quasi-sages.

In this era when all prehistoric creatures are stuck in the Daluo Jinxian, if the power of the Dragon God Realm is used, it will definitely scare a group of people to death.

"Disciple pays homage to Master!"

The four disciples were kneeling outside the Dragon God Hall, and Lin Long came out of the hall in a different outfit.

The monk's appearance changes with the change of state of mind.

But Lin Long still made himself look younger.

At this moment, Lin Long was wearing a blue gown and holding a bamboo fan in his hand.

The long hair was casually tied into a bun and tied with a hosta.

It looks like a little creature that has just transformed, the one with the lowest strength.

If it weren't for knowing each other, I would never have imagined that such a little creature is actually a Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian, who can wrestle wrists with Daozu Hongjun!

Looking at his three disciples in front of him, Lin Long said with a smile.

"Let's go, you have also heard the Dao Yin just now, I will take you to see the many great powers in the prehistoric world today as a teacher."

Zhao Gongming and Yunxiao Qiongxiao didn't mind hearing what Lin Long said, but Bixiao, when they heard that they could go out, immediately became interested, and stuck to Lin Long's body, staring at Lin Long with big watery eyes.

"Master, is it true? Can we really go out?"

Bi Xiao has a lively personality, and these years in the Dragon God Realm have suffocated her.

Lin Long touched the dog's head with a smile, and said: "Let's go, after you go out, follow the teacher's side, don't run around, and don't lie, understand?"

"Yes, Master, don't worry, disciples remember!"


At the same time, many great powers in the prehistoric world are also starting to act at this moment.

In the Wuzhuang Temple of Wanshou Mountain, Hong Yun and Zhen Yuanzi looked at each other.

"Brother Zhenyuanzi, did you hear the voice just now?"

"Well, saint, what state is that? But being able to spread the voice of one's heart to the entire prehistoric world in a single thought, the cultivation base must be very terrifying. If there is no way forward, we will be stuck in the Daluo Jinxian realm without hope, but it is just right to listen to it." What is going on once you hear this saint preaching!"

"Okay! Then you and I will go together!"

Zhen Yuanzi and Hong Yun opened the dojo's restriction, and soon disappeared in Wuzhuang Temple.


Buzhou Mountain, the ancestral land of the Wu people.

Compared with the bustling here in the past, the Pangu Hall at this time seems a little deserted.

The Twelve Patriarchal Witches were sitting in the Pangu Hall, and Di Jiang spoke in a deep voice.

"According to the future speculated by Lord Sorcerer God, this Hongjun is not a good thing. My witch clan was finally wiped out, and he had a lot to do with him. This time I went to listen to the sermon mainly because I respected Lord Sorcerer God. Please, but you still have to be careful with this guy!"

"Yes, brother, don't worry, I'm waiting this time to go over and see what's going on with this so-called sage preaching."

"This thing is just for fun. For the cultivation of the Wu Clan, we still have to look at the exercises tailored for us by the Lord Wu Clan. That is the practice method that is really suitable for my Wu Clan!"

"Okay, just remember everything, and there is one more thing, don't forget, you must not conflict with the Yaozu. Over the years, I have waited hard to ease the relationship with the Yaozu. I can't let things Repeat the same mistakes!"

Di Jiang said in a deep voice.

Down below, all the ancestral witches also nodded in agreement.


Little Penglai in the East China Sea, the Duke of the East rushed to Zixiao Palace with a high profile on his dragon colt infused with pure gold.

Xihai, the Queen Mother of the West was sitting in the dojo, seeming to be thinking about something in her heart.

"I don't know if I can meet Fellow Daoist Mosquito during this trip. If it weren't for him, where would the Yaoguang Wonderland come from in the West Sea? How could we wait for the female fairy to stay here so comfortably."

"At the beginning, this favor was really owed."

"It's just right, I am very quiet and want to move, so let's go to Zixiao Palace for a while, so I can find out if there is any information about Fellow Mosquito, and it is best to meet Fellow Mosquito."


All of a sudden, Hong Huang's great powers started to move.

All forces gathered in the Chaos Sea just to see what the saint was preaching.

However, soon, the first problem was placed in front of everyone.

Zixiao Palace stands in the chaos, and it is not the edge of the chaos, but an extremely deep place!

Non-Daluo Jinxian realm can't even enter.

Even if you force it in, you will be directly blown into pieces by the chaotic wind!

After a series of attempts, some creatures with insufficient realm could only sigh and shake their heads to leave.

Standing on the edge of chaos, Lin Long looked at Zixiao Palace thousands of miles away and shook his head secretly.

"This old guy, Hongjun, obviously wants to preach the prehistoric world, but he still wants to make his identity unattainable, so that these ordinary creatures can only look up to him."

"In the end, it's all for myself, and it's called enlightenment."

Lin Long turned his head and looked at his disciples behind him.

"Let's go, this Primal Chaos Sea will not help you as a teacher, it can be regarded as a test for you. The first one to reach Zixiao Palace will be rewarded as a teacher."


		