

When the three Lin Longs took out three long swords made of six pure bamboos, all the prehistoric beings were shocked again.

Just because the three long swords have the same aura, they are obviously the same treasure.

"I underestimated you too much, I didn't expect you to be able to comprehend such supernatural powers!"

With Hongjun's vision, it is natural to see that the weapon held by this avatar is also an innate treasure.

Moreover, the three long swords are all entities, not some separate phantom!

When Lin Long mobilized the law of time and space just now, Hongjun was still vaguely aware of the breath of the law of cause and effect and the law of destiny.

Obviously, this is a supernatural power composed of multiple laws!

Lin Long's accomplishments alone left him far behind!

And this also strengthened Hongjun's determination to get rid of Lin Long!

This time he teamed up with Humanity and the three saints to help, but Lin Long was able to force him to this point.

If he was fighting against Lin Long alone, he would definitely lose!

Therefore, this opportunity should be seized no matter what!

Thinking of this, Hongjun took a deep breath, ready to go all out!

While shaking hands, the jade plate of good fortune was sacrificed, and the light was shining!

The originally incomplete good luck jade plate was in Hongjun's hands, and he did not know how to slowly restore it.

A white sacred force enveloped Hongjun, Laozi, Jieyin, and Zhunti in it.

Under the blessing of this power, the strength of the few people has skyrocketed, and their defense has also improved a lot.


The Heaven and Earth Sword Furnace, with the heaven and earth as the furnace, and everything as the sword.

This is both a supernatural power and a formation!

In the past, Lin Long had always used this trick alone, and even Na Hongjun had always believed that it was a supernatural power performed by one person, and the upper limit was no more than that.

At most, with the improvement of Lin Long's cultivation base, the power of this supernatural power will be stronger.

But today, Hongjun found out that he had guessed wrong!

The supernatural power of Tiandi Sword Furnace is originally the supreme supernatural power that Lin Long realized from the Zhuxian Sword Formation, so how could it be possible to display all its power with just one person?

The difference is that one person can cast it, while multiple people can directly double the power!

Now that Lin Long had summoned two clones of the same strength, the power of the Heavenly Sword Furnace had undergone an earth-shaking change!

Boundless sword intent rises up.

The avenue of the sword turned into substance in the void, and a long sword hanging in the sky had the potential to connect the sky and the earth, as if it would fall down at any time.

All the creatures who saw this long sword did not have the slightest doubt in their hearts. As long as this sword falls, it will be the result of the collapse of heaven and earth.

In the sword furnace, everything is covered with a layer of sharpness.

Within this range, Lin Long and the two clones can infinitely mobilize the power of heaven and earth for their own use.

Compared with the various reduction effects of the Jade Immortal Sword Formation, the effect of the Heaven and Earth Sword Furnace is very simple. This world suppresses all laws except the Dao of the Sword!

Originally, the law that could exert 100% of its power outside could not even exert 20% of it in this Heaven and Earth Sword Furnace.

Even if Hongjun had a good luck jade plate to protect him, the loss would have to be halved.

However, the users of the heaven and earth sword furnace supernatural power, the strength of the sword is doubled!

Attacks can be continuous without considering any consumption!

Soon, the sword intent hit Hongjun and the others like a tsunami.

Before the supernatural power of Tiandi Sword Furnace was displayed, the two sides were evenly matched. Although Lin Long had the upper hand, it was impossible for him to overthrow the four of Hongjun.

However, now, with the appearance of Lin Long's two avatars and the use of the Heaven and Earth Sword Furnace, Hongjun and the three saints fell into a completely disadvantaged position in an instant, without the slightest resistance!

Relying on the good fortune jade plate and his various magical powers, Hongjun is not in a mess, but it is limited to this. It can be said that it is a fool's dream to want to fight back.

On the other hand, Lin Long had a casual expression on his face, waving the long sword in his hand leisurely.

"Hongjun, at this point, you still have to hide it. If this is the case, then today we will be done."

Lin Long looked at Hongjun with a smile on his face.

But Na Hongjun didn't speak.

All the creatures in Honghuang watching this battle couldn't help being curious when they heard Lin Long's words.

"The meaning of Dragon God's words is that Daozu Hongjun is still hiding his strength?"

At this moment when several people were fighting, if Lin Long hadn't used the pupil of the avenue to imprison the space, the prehistoric world would have collapsed long ago, and the danger in it was not enough to be compared with outsiders.

But even so, these bigwigs haven't fully demonstrated their strength yet!

Hongjun didn't speak, but a hoarse voice suddenly sounded on the battlefield.

"Ha, Hongjun, you are such a waste that you were forced to this point by Lin Long!"

"In my opinion, don't borrow my power, just give me your body, and I'll help you get rid of this Lin Long!"

"Don't worry, I will help you realize your wish to spread orthodoxy!"

A strange and hoarse voice came out of Hongjun's mouth, but the next moment, Hongjun changed his face again and shouted violently: "Shut up! Concentrate on dealing with Lin Long! You are defeated, I am not an opponent, could it be you Is this Lin Long's opponent?!"

At this time, all living beings noticed that Hongjun's old face was divided into left and right sides, one side exuded a strong Dao rhyme, and the other side exuded infinite magic energy, which looked extremely strange!

"Here, Daozu, what's going on?"

"Daozu seems to have other consciousness in his body!"

"I see Daozu like this, why does it feel like he is possessed by a demon?"

"Obsessed? Daozu will also be enchanted?"

"It may not be impossible. You have forgotten the rumors about the Demon Ancestor and the Dao Ancestor."

Soon there were quick-thinking creatures who thought of the key and guessed a general idea.

Nine out of ten Taoist ancestors were possessed by demons.

And this demon is very likely to be the ancestor of the demon, Luo Hu, who hasn't appeared for many years!

For a time, many ascetics were hit hard, only feeling that their beliefs had collapsed.

Cultivate the Tao by myself, control the Taoist heart, and as a result, the Taoist ancestor who I regard as the direction of immortal life, unexpectedly became demonized!

Isn't this fucking bullshit?

Could it be said that the ultimate direction of cultivating the Tao is to become a demon?


There is one thing to say, although Hongjun is extremely weird at the moment, but with this weird change, Hongjun's strength has increased by a large margin!

Hong Jun, who had been suppressed by Lin Long before and was unable to fight back, was able to forcefully break up with one of Lin Long's bodies for a while, and even counterattacked twice from time to time.

Compared with the powerless fight back that was suppressed before, this kind of improvement from time to time to fight back is not too big.

"Everyone hold on, Lin Long's magical powers are powerful, and the price is definitely not small. We just need to wait until his mana is exhausted, and we will win this battle! Lin Long has already become a climate, disrupting the prehistoric order! We can't keep him!"

Hongjun made no secret of his killing intent.

Who knows if Lin Long has other useless cards, if he doesn't take the opportunity to kill this guy, then he will definitely have no chance.

Therefore, this time Hongjun really used his breastfeeding strength!

Following Hongjun's desperate efforts, Lin Long seemed a little more serious.

At this time, Humanity also started to make a move, joining the battlefield!

Laozi, Jieyin, and Zhunti have all failed, but Hongjun and Rendao are alright, but their aura is erratic.

Although there was no abnormality on Lin Long's body, some cracks gradually appeared in the sword furnace that day.

Obviously, the battle is evenly matched!

Hongjun's face was very ugly, the result he wanted was not evenly matched!

Missing today, without the help of humanity, I lost the two pawns Yuanshi and Tongtian again, I am afraid that I will really escape into chaos.

Right now!

"Crack!"

A gap in the sky suddenly opened again, and a huge claw poked in from the outside.

Immediately afterwards, an eye appeared behind the crack, looking into Honghuang.

"found it."


		