

The Zhuxian Sword Formation fell, and the Western Spiritual Vein completely ruptured. Everything happened in an instant, and Hongjun didn't even have time to react.

That Luohu was so decisive that he caught Hongjun by surprise.

And he used his body to transform into a demon just now, just to attract Hongjun's attention, so that the Jade Immortal Sword Formation could destroy the western world.

Today's Western world is completely devoid of aura!

"My mother, the sun, Luo Hu didn't blow up the Western Spirit Vein this time, but directly blew up the whole West?"

Feeling the sudden shattering of the remaining spiritual veins in the west, Lin Long's mind was a little buzzing.

Thousands of calculations, I didn't expect that Luo Hu would play so big this time!

"not good!"

Immediately, a crisis suddenly rose in Lin Long's heart.

"Damn it, Luo Hu, that bastard, died and left a mess!"

It suddenly occurred to him that he had stolen the Western spirit vein, and now that the West was destroyed, the luck that should have belonged to the West had nowhere to go as the West was destroyed.

Now I have temporarily suppressed the stolen spiritual veins with the law of cause and effect. Once I let go of the suppression, wouldn't all the luck of the West come to me?

In this way, how can Hongjun sit idly by? Needless to say, he also regarded himself as a thorn in the flesh!

"It's over, it doesn't matter."

Lin Long took a deep breath. Anyway, Hongjun didn't deal with him. Even if there was no Western luck, he and Hongjun were destined not to pee in the same pot.

Now, I still want to find a way to take the Four Swords of Zhuxian from Hongjun's hands!

There is no way, Luo Hu is too decisive in doing things, from the fall of the Jade Immortal Sword Formation, to the destruction of the west, it only takes a moment.

Lin Long has been paying attention to the opportunity, but Na Hongjun doesn't seem to care about the destruction of the West, but has been focusing on the Four Swords of Zhu Xian.

With the fall of Luo Hu and the destruction of the western world, Na Hongjun put away the Four Swords of Jade Immortals and the diagram of Jade Immortals immediately.

"It really is a hypocritical bastard!"

Lin Long stared at Hongjun, curled his lips in secret, saying that he wanted to get rid of Luo Hu for the prehistoric creatures, and now Hongjun's first reaction was not to protect the West, but to seize the Four Swords of Immortals, his character is evident!


"Hongjun, what should we do now? The spiritual vein is broken, and the western world is destroyed. All these karma will be blamed on you and me!"

The raised eyebrow ancestor couldn't help but twitch the corners of his eyes when he saw Hongjun put away the Four Swords of Jade Immortals and the diagram of Jade Immortals with agility.

But right now is not the time to worry about these things. After all, although the Zhuxian Sword Formation is put away, the original sword energy is still raging in the west. Countless creatures survived the aftermath, but fled around in the sword energy.

It's a pity that the western world has been destroyed, so where can they escape.

In just a moment, countless creatures either fell into the cracks in the ground or fell into the magma.

Karma is constantly rising!

Hongjun put away the Four Swords of Jade Immortals and the diagram of Jade Immortals, pondered for a moment, felt the growing karma on his body, and said, "Okay! Raise your eyebrows, let's take action together to stabilize the West!"

"it is good!"

The ancestor Yangmei was also a real person, and he would do it as soon as he said it.

But the next moment——

boom!

Behind, taking advantage of Patriarch Yangmei's unpreparedness, Hongjun directly imprisoned the space, and slammed Patriarch Yangmei hard with his palm!

"Hongjun! Dare!"

The ancestor Yangmei spat out a mouthful of blood, his eyes were filled with disbelief!

He never expected that Hongjun would dare to attack him at this time!

You know, the western world has just been destroyed, and when the karma is on the verge, how dare this Hongjun?

How dare he do it at this time?

It was precisely this that was considered before, so he was willing to join forces with Hongjun to meet the enemy. In his opinion, Hongjun would definitely have scruples during and after the battle, but he never thought that Hongjun would be so courageous.

Isn't he afraid that karma will come to him, and he will not be able to make an inch in his life?

You must know that the Dao of Heaven has already been born in this world, and the higher the cultivation level of the monks, the deeper the karma entanglement will be.

In fact, not only the ancestor Yangmei didn't expect it, but Lin Long who was watching the battle also didn't expect Hongjun to be so decisive.

However, he did not come to the rescue.

He had thought of joining forces with Yangmei before, but Lin Long was not Hongjun's opponent at that time.

Now that his strength has soared, he is naturally not afraid of Hongjun.

Besides, if Hongjun kills Yangmei, karma will inevitably come to him, then Lin Long will not be afraid of him even more.

If Hongjun failed to kill Yangmei Patriarch, there would be an extra enemy for Yangmei Patriarch, and Lin Long could sit on the mountain and watch the tigers fight.

For Lin Long, no matter what the ending is, he has nothing to lose.

"Raise your eyebrows, what Hongjun said is right, I want to pass down the only orthodox lineage in the prehistoric world, you, shouldn't exist."

Hongjun's face was gloomy, he knew this was his only chance.

Don't think he has friendship with Yang Mei, but Yang Mei is always on guard against him.

What's more, if you raise your eyebrows to practice the technique of space, if you miss a single hit, you will run away with raised eyebrows, and it will be difficult to find him again.

Therefore, he would rather bear the karma on his own than let the ancestor Yangmei go at this time!

"Hongjun, the sixth child, is so decisive. I underestimated him before."

Lin Long hid in the dark, quietly watching everything that happened.

And Yang Mei was seriously injured at this moment, staring at Hongjun with fixed eyes, and he didn't even bother to wipe the blood from the corner of his mouth: "Hongjun, are you really going to kill me? You are not afraid that this matter will be discovered, spread it out, and make you famous ruined?"

However, Hongjun shook his head and said: "This matter is meaningless, raise your eyebrows, even if many people know about it, I won't care. What I care about is that you can't stay in Honghuang!"

If this matter spreads out, there will be some negative comments on Hongjun, but these are not important.

It can't really affect Hongjun.

Because, winners and losers, history has always been written by the winners!

Compared with this kind of influence that may not necessarily have, the disappearance of raised eyebrows is a more important thing.

Raising his eyebrows and wiping the blood from the corner of his mouth resentfully, he looked at Hongjun and sneered, "Hongjun, do you think I will guard against you?"

After finishing speaking, he raised his eyebrows and cast his mana, shouting loudly: "Friend Lin Long, if you don't come out again, my ancestor will be killed by this sinister villain."

"You count on Lin Long?"

Hongjun shook his head: "Raise your eyebrows, don't struggle, I have checked the surroundings before I came here, there is no one here except you and Luo Hu."

Except for the existence of the same level as himself, other creatures are not considered creatures in Hongjun's eyes, they are just ants.

However, just when Hongjun was about to strike again and raised his eyebrows completely, a joking voice suddenly sounded.

"Hehe, Hongjun, it seems that your perception is not very good."

At some point, Lin Long appeared beside Yang Mei, looking at Hong Jun with a smile on his face.

Hongjun's pupils suddenly shrank.

"Lin Long!"

Lin Long raised his brows lightly, and said with a smile: "Hongjun, I can't see it, you with thick eyebrows and big eyes are not ambiguous at all when you attack behind the scenes."

"Lin Long, you shouldn't show up."

"I could have kept you for a while longer."

After the shock, Hongjun calmed down.

This Lin Long has fragments of the good fortune jade plate in his hands, and is proficient in the laws of time and space, so it is not surprising that he can hide it from his own perception.

What's more, I have to be vigilant against Luo Hu, and it's normal not to notice Lin Long under such circumstances.

However, since it appeared, let's deal with it together!

The fortune jade plate in Hongjun's hand shone again.

Compared with fighting Luo Hu, Hongjun's aura has not weakened in the slightest.

Obviously, Hongjun kept his hand just now.

"Hehe, turning into anger from embarrassment? Just right, today, I will also experience the methods of Taoist ancestor!"

A gleam flashed in Lin Long's eyes.

He showed up at this time, not to save Yangmei, but to have other plans!

The Four Swords of Zhu Xian, determined to win!

It's just that, even without the Four Swords of Jade Immortals, he can still arrange the Jade Immortals Sword Formation, but the power is reduced.

In an instant, the avenue of time and the avenue of space unfold at the same time!

Yin and Yang reversed in the Western world in an instant.

But Lin Long didn't intend to stop at all.

With a slight movement of the fingers, hundreds of seals were instantly formed in the blink of an eye!

"Execution Immortal Sword Formation! Get up!"

A sword formation familiar to Hongjun rose again!

"what!"

"How could you set up the Immortal Execution Sword Formation!"

Hongjun looked at the four fairy swords and the Zhuxian formation in his hand, and was so shocked that he couldn't add more.

Lin Long listed the Zhuxian Sword Formation, so what is in his hand?

"No, you are relying on the law of the formation to deduce the sword formation! It's not the real Zhuxian sword formation! It's just a fake!"

Lin Long smiled lightly: "If you look good, just try it and you'll know."

Immediately, with a casual throw, a long sword of a middle-grade Lingbao flew out, and the power of the sword formation soared instantly!

The precious light of the good fortune jade plate that could protect Hongjun was smashed to pieces in an instant.

Hongjun hurriedly mobilized his mana to protect himself again, so he was not hurt.

Looking at Lin Long, Hongjun didn't dare to be careless anymore, his eyes became vigilant.

I have to admit that although what Lin Long deployed was not the real Zhuxian Sword Formation, its power was no less than that of the real Zhuxian Sword Formation.

With Lin Long restraining him, raising his eyebrows also gave him time to breathe, and now he has recovered a lot from his injuries.

"Hongjun, there is bound to be a battle between you and me. How about doing it now?"

The situation of the battle changed instantly, and Hongjun frowned: "Lin Long, your strength has improved really fast. If you don't intervene in this matter, I can promise that I will never trouble you after this matter."


		