

In the prehistoric world, all the great powers watched Lin Long fly into the sky.

The few people left on the scene were vigilant against each other.

After such a commotion, Yuanshi's affairs could only be abandoned.

Laozi and Hongjun stood together.

Tongtian and Yuanshi stood together.

Nuwa and Houtu stared at Hongjun warily.

A group of prehistoric and powerful people, each with their own thoughts.

At this time, Lin Long had already flown to the crack in the prehistoric world.

The prehistoric world, because of the restrictions of the rules, has always been isolated from the chaos of the outside world.

If the prehistoric creatures want to enter and exit, there are no other restrictions except that they need to reach a certain level.

But if a creature that does not belong to the prehistoric world wants to enter the prehistoric world, it must be blocked by the law of heaven.

And that crack is actually a manifestation of the will of Heaven being partially defeated.

As soon as Lin Long walked out of the prehistoric world, a ferocious aura in the chaos rushed directly towards his face.

Even with Lin Long's current cultivation base, he still felt palpitations in the face of this aura!

"You actually came out, hehe."

Not far in front of Lin Long, there was a surge of chaotic air.

Immediately afterwards, the air of chaos dispersed like a cloud, revealing a huge chaos demon god.

Seeing this Chaos Demon God, Lin Long's pupils suddenly shrank!

"It's you!"

This Chaos Demon God is the one that he drew blood from in the chaos!

"Hehe, I didn't expect you to remember me."

A playful smile appeared on the huge face of the Chaos Demon God.

"Is my magic blood still useful?"

Lin Long didn't speak.

The Chaos Demon God didn't act in a hurry, but instead looked around Lin Long, like a hunter playing with his prey before hunting.

It's just that the prey in front of him is more interesting.

However, this scrutiny stunned the Chaos Demon God.

Looking at Lin Long in front of him, the Chaos Demon God revealed an inconceivable look in his eyes.

"Impossible, you are already the heel of the Chaos Demon God level, why can't I feel a little bit of my blood in you!"

Lin Long looked at the Chaos Demon God indifferently.

I have drawn his blood, but I never said that I want to use it directly.

There is a great way to reshape this supernatural power. I can use this bloodline as a template and easily rewrite the bloodline. Although it is a bit troublesome, there is no need to directly absorb other chaotic bloodlines.

"How on earth did you do it?"

Unable to understand, the Chaos Demon God simply asked Lin Long directly.

Lin Long looked at the Chaos Demon God who seemed a bit talkative.

"It seems that you have moved some hands and feet in that blood, tell me, what's going on?"

"If my guess is correct, you must have awakened when I drew your blood."

Lin Long's tone was firm.

Recalling that when I drew the blood of the Chaos Demon God, this guy's blood was full of vitality, not like a dead body at all.

"Hehe, speaking of it, I have to thank you. If it weren't for you, I don't know how long it would take me to wake up."

"Originally, I wanted to lend you that bloodline so as to break through the prehistoric world, but I didn't expect that you didn't use that bloodline. The plan has to be changed."

"Now you have the heel of the Chaos Demon God. Strictly speaking, you can also be regarded as the Chaos Demon God. There is no need to keep company with these ants in the wild."

"How about it, if you and I join forces, I only need a part of the original source of heaven, and I can leave the rest to you."

"Not everyone has the qualifications to cooperate with me, how?"

Chaos Demon God said.

Lin Long listened to the words of the Chaos Demon God, and keenly grasped an important point in his heart!

The origin of the way of heaven.

This Chaos Demon God came for the origin of the Dao of Heaven.

I have heard this word before, and it seems that Hongjun wanted to devour the way of heaven for such a thing.

I originally thought that this thing was used to improve my cultivation, but later, my cultivation has been raised to Hunyuan Wuji Luo Jinxian, and there is still no sign of reaching the shackles.

It seems that even in the realm of Hunyuan Wuji Luo Jinxian, if you want to improve your cultivation, you don't necessarily need the origin of the way of heaven.

My guess is likely to be wrong.

So what exactly are these Chaos Demon Gods trying to do with the source of the Dao of Heaven?

Lin Long kept thinking in his heart.

After thinking about it, Lin Long decided to follow the words of the Chaos Demon God.

"You should be able to see my current cultivation base. The way of heaven comes from me. It is useless to me. Do you think I will join hands with you to destroy the prehistoric world?"

Lin Long deliberately made a look of indifference.

Sure enough, the Chaos Demon God burst out laughing when he heard it.

"Hahaha, you guys really dare to talk big, the source of the heavenly way is useless to you, it's because you don't know what the source of the heavenly way can do."

"Do you think this thing is really as simple as improving one's cultivation? He can...boy, you're talking to me!"

Speaking of the critical moment, the Chaos Demon God suddenly realized that he had been fooled.

Looking at Lin Long, the Chaos Demon God's tone became cold.

No longer talking and laughing like before.

Seeing that his scheme had not succeeded, Lin Long shook his head regretfully.

"It seems that you are not particularly stupid. In this way, the origin of the way of heaven still has other uses. Apart from improving your cultivation, what other functions can make you Chaos Demon Gods so interested."

"Hmph, kid, I've changed my mind. I think killing you is the most correct decision!"

The Chaos Demon God looked at Lin Long, and blood spurted out of his body again.

Like a wound bursting.

But Lin Long noticed that the blood spattered by this guy was actually flowing continuously under his control.

This guy can manipulate blood.

Just as he was thinking, the Chaos Demon God's blood turned into a long river and swept towards Lin Long.

Even Lin Long still felt dangerous in the face of this river of blood.

It is said to be a river of blood, but in fact it covers the sky and blocks the sun. If it really falls, most of the flood will be submerged.

This guy's cultivation is also in Hunyuan Wuji Luo Jinxian!

And the law he practiced is probably the law of blood!

A careless response may really overturn the car.

"The law of devouring!"

Facing the law of blood, the law of time and the law of space are not the best, but the law of devouring, which can swallow everything, is the best.

This Chaos Demon God obviously knows a lot of things, and if he wants to get the words out of his mouth, he has to convince him first.

In front of Lin Long, the Law of Devouring seemed to turn into a black hole, and a terrifying suction erupted from within.

The sea of ​​blood in the sky was pulled, and the original trajectory changed uncontrollably.

The laws collided and wrestled with each other, but seemed silent.

The creatures in the prehistoric world only saw the boundless chaos seemed to be filled with a sea of ​​blood.

And above the sky, a black sun appeared at some point, as if it was going to swallow everything.

In the confrontation between the top powerhouses, every move and every move has changed the world.

Hongjun looked out of the sky with complicated eyes.

"Hongjun, let's join forces with Lin Long. Today should be just the beginning, and those guys will wake up one after another."

"You and I alone can't deal with it at all."

Luo Hu's voice sounded in Hongjun's mind.


		