

As the strength is getting higher and higher, the role of anti-knowledge future magical powers is actually getting smaller and smaller.

It's just because after the Da Luo Jinxian, various variables can no longer hinder the Da Luo Jinxian, let alone the quasi-sage above the Da Luo Jinxian.

Moreover, with Lin Long's current strength, Hongjun is the only person in the entire prehistoric world that he can value!

The supernatural power of knowing the future can only be used for treasure hunting and detection.

Now that he was about to embark on the road to the Wu Clan, Lin Long used his magical powers by the way, but suddenly found that he would be robbed again!

Moreover, he was robbed by a monkey!

"The monkeys that appeared in this period are probably only the six-eared macaque."

Lin Long smiled, he didn't expect that monkey would learn to rob like the second shame of the West.

I just don't know what the monkey is capable of.

Thinking of this, Lin Long pondered for a moment, then headed towards the west.

More than 10 million miles, under Lin Long's feet, but in a moment.

As soon as he stood still, a voice from below entered Lin Long's ears.

"stop!!!"

Lin Long smiled and looked down.

I saw a monkey jumping in the mountains and fields below, chasing hard towards my side.

Lin Long also cooperated, and actually stood still until the monkey rushed to his side.

Looking at the monkey in front of him, Lin Long sized it up.

I saw that the monkey had a golden appearance and was only about four feet tall.

The most unique thing is the monkey's ears, which have three pairs of six.

"It really is this guy!"

It was exactly as I thought, this is the encounter with the six-eared macaque among the four spirit monkeys.

It's right to think about it, as it is today, the Lingming stone monkey Monkey King is not even an embryo, Yuan Hong, the Tongbei monkey, probably hasn't been born yet, and the red-tailed horse monkey doesn't know where it's hiding, maybe it hasn't been born yet.

Only the six-eared macaque was born the earliest, and there was news of him in the early stage of Lich's calamity, until Journey to the West, and after living for such a long time, even a pig should have achieved success in cultivation.

It's a pity that the six-eared macaque offended the person who shouldn't be offended, the ancestor Hongjun.

Relying on his supernatural powers, he eavesdropped on Hongjun's preaching, but he didn't pass on a word of the teachings, completely sealed off his natal supernatural powers, and cut off the monkey's path to immortality.

You know, after Hongjun's enlightenment, there are rules in every word and deed, and it is naturally easy to seal the six-eared macaque's natal supernatural power with one sentence.

Otherwise, with the heels of the four great spirit monkeys and the six ears from the Lich to the Westward Journey, wouldn't it be a certainty to become a Da Luo Jinxian?

Looking at the monkey, Lin Long suddenly wanted to tease it.

"You called me, what's the matter?"

The monkey was out of breath and ran all the way: "You, how can you run so fast! I am a six-eared macaque, and this place is my territory. You don't know the rules, you just pass by me without saying hello, do you have to give it to me?" How many treasures do I need to compensate me?"

"Haha, you monkey head is actually a guy who has plucked geese and tasted dung, how many treasures will I give you as compensation for passing by?"

Lin Long said with a smile, and then sized up the monkey's eyes, the Taiyi Golden Immortal's mid-stage cultivation.

This kind of cultivation still dares to rob in the current prehistoric age. It has to be said that the monkey is currently lucky, and he has not yet encountered a powerful man passing by here.

But having said that, since the dragon, phoenix, and kylin congenital clans withdrew from the prehistoric world, all the great powers in the prehistoric world have realized the danger of the calamity of the world and began to hide themselves.

And most of the remaining masters basically either joined the Yao Clan or loyal to the Wu Clan, and there were really not many free and undisciplined masters.

This six-eared macaque is in the middle stage of the Taiyi Golden Immortal, and his heels are suitable for fighting, so it may be no problem to deal with the ordinary peak Taiyi Golden Immortal.

This is also because Lin Long, as a master, subconsciously ignored the vastness of the whole prehistoric land, and there really was no master who could pass by a corner of this barren mountain.

"You want baby, but I don't, what should I do?"

Lin Long laughed and said, the six-eared macaque was taken aback when he heard this.

He saw that Lin Long in front of him didn't show any signs of panic, and Liu Er immediately retreated in his heart.

In fact, in this place, the six-eared macaque did not show up to rob when monks passed by. If that was the case, no matter how many lives he had, he would not be enough to play with.

The most important thing is that he has magical powers!

Relying on his own supernatural powers, he is good at listening, can understand, knows before and after, and everything is clear.

He can hear a person's good and evil and cultivation.

He couldn't tell what cultivation level this amiable and not panic-stricken monk in front of him was, but he could tell that Lin Long didn't have any malice towards him.

If Lin Long was a vicious person, and the six-eared macaque still couldn't see through his cultivation, he naturally wouldn't show up to ask for trouble.

In the final analysis, in fact, the soft ones are afraid of the hard ones, and the hard ones are afraid of death!

His original intention was to see what Lin Long wanted to do when he passed by, but he didn't expect Lin Long to be so cooperative.

Without a baby, I still ask myself what to do!

This has been robbed so many times, and I have never encountered such a situation!

"You don't have a baby, or you can go..."

The six-eared macaque scratched its head, knowing how to chase it recklessly, but it didn't know how to deal with this situation.

But Lin Long laughed: "What do you mean, you called me down, you said that this place is your territory, and now you suddenly want me to go, are you trying to trick me?"

Speaking of this, Lin Long suddenly changed his face: "No! Today I still have to ask for an explanation!"

When he turned his face like this, the six-eared macaque was at a loss for a moment: "Then, what do you mean..."

"I must pay you compensation today!"

Lin Long said decisively!

"what?!"

The six-eared macaque was momentarily dazed, looking up and down at Lin Long.

Xin Dao has been around for so many years, and this is the first time he has encountered such a thing!

I don't want to rob you and let you go, but you actually have to give me compensation?

What is this?

"Then, how are you going to compensate me?"

The six-eared macaque asked stumblingly.

Lin Long didn't answer, and with a backhand, several innate spirit fruits appeared in his hand.

The fruity aroma travels through the air and into the nostrils of the six-eared macaque.

The six-eared macaque's eyes lit up, and he tried to sniff its nose, but the surprise was quickly suppressed by him.

He forced a nonchalant expression, but his eyes drifted to Lin Long's hand from time to time: "Cut, I thought it was a good thing. After a long time of trouble, it was just a few fruits."

"This monkey is not stupid."

Lin Long smiled slightly, and said, "Since you don't like these fruits, I'll just throw them away..."

As he spoke, he casually tossed the fruit in his hand.

"Hey, what's the matter with you, if you tell me, it's mine. What's the point of throwing my things around?"

The six-eared macaque picked up the fruit in a distressed manner, "What if it gets dirty and damages the aura."

Typical oral integrity.

Lin Long laughed: "Haha, didn't you say that you don't like these fruits? I don't want to find something else."

After the words fell, Lin Long took out another medium-grade innate spiritual root with his backhand.

Seeing this thing, the six-eared macaque's eyes straightened.

Compared with the innate spiritual fruit, the value of this innate spiritual root is a hundred times higher.

"You, are you really willing to give me this thing too?" The six-eared macaque looked at Lin Long uncertainly, eyes full of expectation.

Now this business is really getting better and better.

What kind of unbelievable luck did I have today, not to mention meeting such a softie, there are so many good things.

The six-eared macaque felt that he was really going to get rich today.

"Of course it's for you. Oh, I see. You think it's not enough. It's okay."

Lin Long casually threw the innate spiritual root on the ground, and the six-eared macaque watched it jump out of the corner of its eyes.

Then I saw Lin Long take out another practice technique from his bosom.

"This is a jurisprudence that convolutes the flesh and sanctifies it, so it should be regarded as compensation for passing through your territory."

Lin Long casually threw Fajue to the six-eared macaque.

The six-eared macaque's hands trembled, and he opened the law with a look of disbelief.

After realizing the subtlety of this formula, the six-eared macaque began to tremble.

At this time, the six-eared macaque finally realized something was wrong.

But Lin Long's movements did not stop at all: "Oh, by the way, I still have a congenital treasure, and I will compensate you as well."

A purple gold gourd appeared behind Lin Long in the blink of an eye.

This time, the six-eared macaque finally couldn't bear it anymore.

Kneeling on the ground with a plop: "Ex, senior, I was wrong, and I didn't do it on purpose, you, or you should go."


		