

"Take your fortune jade disc fragments?"

The mouth of the old Taoist who came over that day was trembling. Over the years, when he met Luo Hu, Luo Hu would always mention that he had taken away the fragments of the jade disc of good fortune from him!

This really made him give birth to a nameless anger!

He did have a lot of good fortune jade disc fragments on him, but these fragments were all collected by himself.

What does it have to do with you, Rahu?

Of course, he also used some methods when collecting the fragments of the good fortune jade plate, but he can be sure that he has never snatched any good fortune jade plate fragments from Luo Hu!

Besides, if this kind of thing that could be aimed at Luo Hu was really done by him, how could he not admit it?

He suspected that Luo Hu had been dazzled by the demonic energy all these years!

But every time they met, no matter what Hongjun said, Luo Hu still didn't believe it, and he was paranoid that Hongjun was a hypocrite who dared to be a sanctimonious person!

"If you dare to admit it, it's fine. I still respect you a little bit, but it's a pity that I dare not admit it when I snatched the jade plate fragments of good fortune from me, hum!"

As the existence of arm wrestling with Hongjun, Luo Hui is naturally not afraid of seeing Hongjun.

But at this moment, with Luo Hu's actions, the people of the three tribes and even the patriarchs of the three tribes have been completely controlled by Luo Hu.

The three great powers who surpassed the consummation of Da Luo Jinxian stood beside Luo Hu at this moment, waiting for Ra Hu to give orders.

"Hmph, Luohu, the fact that you took away the fragments of the jade disc of good fortune is purely fictional!"

Hongjun's face was not good-looking, and he immediately opened his mouth and shouted: "Leave this matter aside for the time being, you provoked disputes between the three clans for your own selfish desires, and caused the world to flow into rivers of blood. This crime cannot be punished, and the laws of nature cannot be tolerated. The old Taoist must stop you!"

"Hahahaha, you still don't accept that you are a sanctimonious hypocrite, don't put on an air in front of me, you and I both know that these people..."

As he said that, with a sneering smile on his face, Luo Hu pointed to the patriarchs of the three clans and others whose consciousness had been controlled: "They're all pawns!"

"If one day, you Hongjun controls Honghuang, the blood flowing in your hands will not be lessened by me!"

"Now in this North Sea, the only ones left with consciousness are you and me. Stop pretending. They are fighting here today. I prepared it for you. How about it? Let's end it!"

Hearing Luo Hu's words, Hongjun immediately stopped talking, and flicked the whisk in his hand, a law pierced the world like a sharp blade!

Naturally not to be outdone, Luo Hu fought back with his backhand.

The two strikes are not complicated, but they are fierce and deadly.

It seems that the momentum is not strong, but it is actually more dangerous than the fight between the patriarchs of the three clans!

The strength of the patriarchs of the three clans is to rely on luck to forcibly increase the accumulation, while Luo Hu and Hongjun are actually fighting with the use of laws!

In the two battles, which one is higher and which is lower, anyone with a discerning eye can tell the difference at a glance.

For the comprehension of their own laws, both Hongjun and Luohu are in control, one point more is scattered, and one point less is empty!

After fighting several times, the two stopped fighting at the same time.

As old rivals for many years, they basically know each other's strength well.

"Old man, you haven't slackened all these years, you must have taken away the fragments of my good fortune jade plate!"

Luo Hu gritted his teeth, but Hong Jun was even more furious: "You fart! I have already said that I did not take away the fragments of the jade plate of good fortune from you!"

"Hmph, whether you have snatched it or not, you old bastard knows it well!"

Luo Hu snorted angrily, and then he didn't hold back anymore. He stretched out his hand, and the boundless devilish energy suddenly surged between the heaven and the earth!

Immediately, Luohu Tianling was poured in, and Luohu's strength rose again!

The escaped demonic energy condensed into a phantom beside Luo Hu, as if a demon had descended into the world!

And the Zulong, Yuanfeng, and Shiqilin finally started to move.

The consciousness of these three people has been controlled by Luo Hu at this moment, and their every move is completely at the mercy of Luo Hu, and they have attacked Hongjun in an instant.

These three have the blessing of their own family's luck, and their strength has already surpassed the ordinary Luo Jinxian's perfection. Although they cannot reach the level of Luo Hu Hongjun, the combination of the three can cause some troubles for Hongjun.

As for Luo Hu, he didn't do anything directly. The demon energy between the heaven and the earth was still gathering, as if something was brewing.

"Hongjun, die!"

suddenly!

Shout out!

In the sky, a gap suddenly opened, and then, a pitch-black devil claw protruded from it!

With this blow, the world seems to be collapsing!

And with this blow, the entire North Sea, even the entire prehistoric world, seemed to have been consumed in sevens and eighties.

Obviously, Luo Hu planned to win with one blow!

He has been planning for many years, and he has been waiting for this moment. He has enough self-confidence. If Hongjun dares to take his blow head-on, even if he will not fall directly, serious injuries will definitely be inevitable!

"Hongjun, coming to Beihai this time will be your biggest mistake!"

Obviously, Luo Hu is bound to win this blow!

However, at this moment, Hongjun took his time and raised his hand, and the jade plate above his head shattered!

Immediately, they scattered in all directions, and in the blink of an eye, they disappeared into the billowing black clouds!

"Your intentions are so obvious, how could I be defenseless? Luo Hu, you lost!"

As Hongjun's voice fell, the astonishingly powerful claws stopped in an instant!

"What! How is this possible!"

Luo Hu suddenly widened his eyes, staring at the pieces of good fortune jade plates submerged in the magic cloud, his breathing became short of breath!

This damned old thing stole my good fortune jade plate, and now it is used to break my formation!

In the blink of an eye, with the intrusion of the good fortune jade plate, Luo Hu's formation of continuously transforming resentment into demonic energy gradually turned into Xuanmen spiritual energy!

"Hongjun, you shameless villain! I finally understand, aren't you also taking advantage of the three clans? Hahahaha In the end, you are not as upright as I came!"

Seeing that Luo Hu seemed to be crazy, Hongjun didn't speak, instead he sped up his movements.

And at the moment when the formation was transformed, Zulong Yuanfeng and Shi Qilin finally regained their consciousness and broke free from Luo Hu's control.

If this situation is seen by other prehistoric creatures, their jaws will drop in shock.

The majestic kings of the three clans, between Luo Hu and Hong Jun, are nothing more than playthings.

At this point in the matter, Luo Hu also knew that he had lost.

After many years of planning, it was defeated by the good fortune jade plate.

"Hongjun, this matter is not over, you and I will find out in the future!"

After leaving a harsh word, a black lotus appeared vividly, and immediately, Luo Hu tore through the void and walked away.

The plan has come to nothing, and it is useless to stay here, maybe it will fall into the hands of Hongjun, an old bastard.

At this moment, the consciousness of the patriarchs of the three clans returned, and they looked at the surrounding situation one by one, and they were all at a loss.

"What's going on here? Where's that guy just now?"

"damn it!"

The people of the three tribes are almost dead. The people of the three tribes who used to be all over the prehistoric land are now only two or three big cats and kittens.

Even, compared to the creatures of other prehistoric races, they are far inferior.

"Everyone."

At this time, Hongjun said lightly: "Today's events were all caused by your greed. Now that the prehistoric karma has abounded, and the three clans have also been implicated. The operation of the heavenly law will not allow it. The patriarchs should make plans early. .”

Hearing this, the patriarchs of the three clans realized that there was a gray-robed Taoist standing beside him at some point.

"You are?"

Hongjun nodded slightly, and said: "The old Daoist Hongjun came here to stop this dispute. Luo Hu has fled far away, but in the final analysis, this matter also started because of the struggle between your three clans. After today, the three clans may be killed." Karma is entangled, and it is impossible to establish a family in the wild."

"what?!"

These words really made the patriarchs of the three clans unacceptable.

Although the current three clans have suffered heavy losses, there are still some people who survive, so they will not disappear in the flood.

But according to Hongjun's words, the three races were unable to survive in the wild due to karma!

Doesn't this mean that all the remaining people will be dealt with by the Dao of Heaven?

After Pangu opened the sky, the Dao gradually dissipated, and the Dao of Heaven came into being. Although the Dao of Heaven has not fully awakened now, it has its own trajectory.

If it is true what Hongjun said, the fate of the three clans may be in jeopardy.

"I'm just telling the truth. As for the truth, the doom of the three clans is over now. With your abilities, you can deduce the secret and see if what the old Taoist said is true or not."

Hearing Hongjun's words, the patriarchs of the three clans did not hesitate, and immediately used their mana to start deduction.

The result of the deduction naturally made them all dumbfounded.

"This, how is this possible! The prehistoric way of heaven is going to kill my group!"

The secret was revealed, and they had no choice but to believe Hongjun's words.

Suddenly, the three of them looked at Hongjun again, as if they realized something.

That's right, since Hongjun showed up and said this, there must be a way to mediate!

"Dare to ask if you have a way to save my three clans?"

Looking at the eyes of the patriarchs of the three clans, Hongjun said solemnly: "Of course there is a way, all the three patriarchs need to sacrifice themselves to suppress the karma of the world!"

"It's just that the karma of this cause and effect is too great. In the future, all the potential of the three tribes will be blocked by the way of heaven. I don't know what you want?"


		