

The six-eared macaque kneeling on the ground was about to cry.

No matter how stupid I am, I can still realize this. How can ordinary monks have so many spiritual fruits, spiritual roots, exercises, and innate treasures?

I'm so lucky, I accidentally robbed a prehistoric top boss!

Looking at the innate spiritual fruit in his hand that he had already gnawed, the six-eared macaque wanted to cry but had no tears.

It's over, today is really dead.

Why is this mouth so greedy, can't you hold it back?

What should we do now? How to pay for this fruit?

Lin Long looked at the six-eared macaque kneeling on the ground with a smile on his face: "Well, how can I put it on my knees all of a sudden? Isn't it about compensation?"

Tears rolled in the eyes of the six-eared macaque, and he suppressed his sadness and nodded and said: "Yes, yes, yes, senior, how do you say compensation, I will compensate you."

Seeing the appearance of the six-eared macaque, Lin Long didn't intend to continue teasing him.

"Okay, get up."

The six-eared macaque stood up tremblingly.

"Ex, senior..."

Lin Long looked at the six-eared macaque with a smile and said, "You are a Taiyi Golden Immortal, and you dare to loot your house in the prehistoric wilderness. You are lucky to have survived until now. Have you ever met anyone you can't afford to offend?"

The six-eared macaque is ashamed, why haven't I met it before, didn't I meet it today?

Of course, this is impossible to say.

After thinking about it, the six-eared macaque carefully replied: "Senior Qi, it's not that I haven't encountered it before. It's just that I have a supernatural power, which can judge people's good from evil, listen to people's thoughts, and when I encounter people who are not easy to mess with, I will avoid them." .”

Lin Long laughed out loud, he was treating himself like a persimmon.

His smile didn't matter, but it frightened the six-eared macaque opposite.

The six-eared macaque, which had just stood firm, knelt down again with a plop, and kowtowed to Lin Long incessantly.

"Senior, don't be angry. I don't mean to offend. Today's resources are basically occupied by the witches and monsters. Even if they are discovered occasionally, there are still some small prehistoric tribes watching. The younger generation has only one body. There is really no way."

"Just now, I heard that the senior didn't have any malicious intentions, and it seems that, and..."

"Looks like a bully again?" Lin Long joked with a smile.

"No, no, no! That's not the case, senior!"

Seeing the speechless appearance of the six-eared macaque, Lin Long stopped teasing him.

With a wave of his hand, the Lingbao Linggen and the exercises were all taken back.

"Today is a lesson for you. Fortunately, you met me. If it were someone else, I would have lost my life a long time ago."

The six-eared macaque nodded quickly: "Yes, yes, what the senior taught me is that I will definitely keep in mind what happened today!"

Lin Long smiled faintly, and asked again: "What are your plans in Honghuang in the future?"

The six-eared macaque's expression froze.

What plans can I have?

The business of robbing the rich and giving to the poor must not be able to continue. Today's encounter really scared me.

I was lucky, I met such a talkative master like Lin Long, as long as I changed him, I'm afraid I would have slapped myself to death.

I often walk by the river without getting my shoes wet.

Keep going, who knows that one day I will be recruited again?

But having said that, practice is inherently difficult, and wealth and companionship are indispensable, but I don't have any of them, so what can I do in the future?

Thinking of this, the six-eared macaque looked a little depressed, and couldn't answer Lin Long's words for a while.

Lin Long looked at the appearance of the six-eared macaque, and suddenly understood, with a smile on his face: "Would you like to come into my sect and be my disciple?"

Lin Long's voice was not loud, but these words fell to the ears of the six-eared macaque, but it was like a thunderbolt from the blue sky.

After a moment of daze, the six-eared macaque reacted abruptly.

thump!

I don't know how many times, the six-eared macaque knelt on the ground again.

"Master, please be respected by your disciples!"

The six-eared macaque bowed to Lin Long, and then kowtowed three more times.

Lin Long laughed loudly: "You monkey is clever, that's all, it depends on your destiny."

"From today, you are the fifth disciple of this seat."

"There is a senior brother and three senior sisters above you. We don't have many rules in this discipline. It's good to let your senior brothers and sisters explain it later."

"By the way, I forgot to mention the teacher's Taoist name. The teacher is from the Dragon Clan. In the wilderness, there is also a name called Qingmu Dragon God."

"Well, it's not wronging you to pay homage to my sect."

Lin Long looked at the six-eared macaque with a smile.

At this time, the six-eared macaque had dull eyes and a round mouth.

"Master, Master, you, you are Qing, Qingmu Dragon God!"

After the shock, there was excitement, and without any danger, the six-eared macaque jumped up.

"Um?"

Lin Long cast a glance at the six-eared macaque.

The six-eared macaque immediately obediently knelt back to the ground. Although its body remained motionless, the excitement on its face did not disappear at all.

"Okay, what is it like to be so reckless!"

The six-eared macaque smiled awkwardly: "Master, don't blame me, the disciple is just too excited. You don't know how resounding your Taoist name is in Honghuang!"

Lin Long frowned slightly: "How can I remember that there are no rumors about me in Honghuang now?"

"Hey, Master, they are short-sighted, don't you have supernatural powers..."

"Back then you, Senior Na Hongjun, and Senior Yangmei..."

In the middle of speaking, the six-eared macaque suddenly realized that something was wrong, and hurriedly covered its mouth.

Lin Long couldn't help but rolled his eyes.

It seems that this monkey not only likes to eavesdrop, but also can't keep his mouth shut.

But he can know what happened between himself and Hongjun.

It shows that it was born quite early.

Compared with Monkey King of later generations, the six-eared macaque started much higher.

It's a pity that he had a good hand, but was beaten badly by this guy.

It's not good to eavesdrop on anyone, but you have to eavesdrop on Hongjun, a vengeful guy.

As a result, he lost his top supernatural powers.

"Okay, it's your ability to know, but you have to take care of your mouth in the future."

Seeing that Lin Long was not angry, the six-eared macaque heaved a sigh of relief, and said with a chuckle: "Yes, master, don't worry, I will keep my tongue in the future."

Ni Zhifu's supernatural powers are as easy to use as ever, so he wandered around casually and took in another disciple.

Naturally, he didn't take the six-eared macaque on a whim, and he was willing to do anything that would cause Hongjun trouble.

But right now I don't have the time to bring the six-eared macaque back to Dragon God Realm.

After thinking for a while, Lin Long stretched out his hand, and without waiting for the six-eared macaque to react, he put his finger on the center of the six-eared macaque's eyebrows.

The spiritual fog rose from the six-eared macaque's body, quickly enveloping him completely.

When the spiritual mist around him dissipated, a child who looked about five or six years old appeared in front of Lin Long.

"Okay, from now on, you will temporarily follow the teacher with this appearance."

The six-eared macaque looked at his newborn appearance curiously, and liked it very much.

"Thank you, Master, for enlightening disciples!"

Lin Long smiled and didn't say much.

In fact, I was not helping the six-eared macaque to enlighten it just now, but to help it transform into form.

It's just that there is no such statement in the current flood.


		