

The comprehension of the law of life continued to improve, and the aura on Lin Long's body also began to spread outward.

Soon, the entire Sanxian Island noticed something abnormal.

"Huh? This is?"

"It's the direction of Dragon God Temple! Lord Dragon God is enlightening!"

"Quick! Ask someone to protect the Dragon God Temple, and no one should disturb Lord Dragon God!"

Kunpeng reacted immediately and hurriedly ordered everyone.

The managers of the three clans also started to make arrangements immediately.

Sanxiao and Zhao Gongming, who were going to pick out the Lingbao, also hurried back.

"Senior Kunpeng, what happened to our master?"

After all, Sanxiao and Zhao Gongming's realm was a little lower, and I don't know the reason.

Kunpeng said with a smile to several people: "Don't worry, the Dragon God has suddenly realized this, and it's a coincidence. When the Dragon God wakes up, his cultivation will definitely improve!"

He signed a road contract with Lin Long, and he can more or less feel Lin Long's state.

Lin Long at this moment is not only comprehending the law, but also merging himself with the law to a certain extent.

This is a perception of heaven and earth.

Kunpeng immediately thought of the reason.

The law is complete!

Only when the creatures have practiced the law to a perfect state can they and the law be completely integrated.

However, even if ordinary creatures have cultivated to the perfection of the law, there will be absolutely no such big movements.

In the final analysis, Lin Long still has too many laws and profound knowledge.

In Lin Long's hand, besides the law of force, the laws in Lin Long's hands include time, space, array, fortune, cause and effect, five elements, devouring, wind and thunder, and life.

Each one is a top-notch law when it is taken out alone, but at this moment it appears together on Lin Long.

It is not surprising that such a momentum has been caused.

Hearing that Kunpeng said that his master was fine, Sanxiao and Zhao Gongming were also relieved.

Time flies, and in the blink of an eye, Lin Long has been enlightened for thousands of years.

Outside the Dragon Temple, Bi Xiao was holding a newborn baby dragon in his arms, teasing it boredly.

"Little guy, tell me when my master will come out."

For thousands of years, San Xiao and Zhao Gongming have also gotten to know each other well in Sanxian Island.

Because of Lin Long's relationship, the identities of several people in Sanxian Island are also extremely noble, even the managers of the three clans will be very respectful when they see them.

"Little sister, you're being lazy here again! The fluctuations from the Dragon Temple have been getting stronger and stronger in the past few years. Master estimates that it won't be long before he wakes up and finds out that you are lazy. Let's see how you explain it."

The person who spoke was the elder sister Yunxiao, and Qiong Xiao was also by her side.

"Three little sisters, you are all here too."

Zhao Gongming flew over from a distance on a cloud, and landed in front of them.

"Meet my brother."

At this time, the realm of several people is no longer Golden Immortal, Zhao Gongming's realm is the fastest, and now he has reached the perfection of Taiyi Golden Immortal.

The second is Yunxiao, the eldest sister of Sanxiao, whose realm has also reached the late stage of Taiyi Golden Immortal, and is only one step away from consummation.

Qiong Xiao is slightly weaker, but not much worse.

Only Bi Xiao has just entered the late stage of Taiyi Golden Immortal.

During the millennium, the temperament of several people has also become more stable.

Zhao Gongming looked at the three girls and nodded: "Well, Master hasn't left the customs yet?"

Yun Xiao shook his head and said, "No, but according to senior Kunpeng's words, it should be in the past few years."

"Eldest brother, you came back from Honghuang? What happened to Honghuang recently?"

Bi Xiao looked at Zhao Gongming and asked, originally, she always wanted to go out to play with her temperament, but she thought that Lin Long was about to leave the customs, so she guarded the Dragon Temple.

Zhao Gongming shook his head: "I haven't heard anything about the big event, but I heard that there are two new races in Honghuang, one is called Wuzu and the other is called Yaozu, and they are very popular."

"I heard that there are twelve ancestor witches in the witch clan. Their combat power is tyrannical. Many creatures in the wild are no match. Moreover, these twelve ancestor witches also claim to be Pangu authentic."

Hearing this, Yunxiao frowned slightly, and said, "I heard that Sanqing also claims to be the authentic Pangu sect, and now the Wu tribe claims to be the authentic Pangu sect, so they want to fight Sanqing?"

Zhao Gongming nodded: "I also have a hunch that Honghuang is going to be in chaos, and I heard that in addition to the twelve ancestor witches, there is also a mysterious witch god among the witch clan, but no one has seen this one before. It's just a witch god."

The three sisters chatted with Zhao Gongming without saying a word, and suddenly, a powerful aura erupted in the direction of the Dragon Temple!

In an instant, the Boundless Dao Rhyme stirred over the entire Three Immortals Island.

A series of rules turned into substance, flying in the sky like ribbons.

All of a sudden, all the creatures of the three races were alarmed.

Looking at the law in the sky, everyone stared straight.

"This law can be so concrete!"

"Is this the law mastered by the Dragon God? There are more than a dozen of them!"

"What state is Lord Dragon God at now? I'm afraid I won't be able to see clearly when I look up from behind."

Honghuang has not yet announced what the road above Da Luo Jinxian is, so most of the creatures in Honghuang still don't know what the realm above it is.

When Lin Long came back last time, he originally wanted to spread the formula he had studied in Sanxian Island.

But I didn't expect that just after I came back, I had an epiphany.

Finally, after a vision, all kinds of rhymes gradually calmed down.

A mighty and domineering dragon rose from the place where the vision disappeared.

A dragon chant resounded throughout the chaos.

Immediately, all the people of the three tribes on Sanxian Island knelt down to the ground, and even the newborn baby dragon in Bi Xiao's arms wanted to struggle and kneel down because of the power of his blood.

"This, is this the real body of the Dragon God?"

"Isn't the real body of the dragon god a green dragon? Why did he change his appearance?"

"The appearance is different, but the breath is unmistakable."

The real body revealed by Lin Long before was a five-clawed green dragon, which can be regarded as the highest bloodline of the dragon clan, comparable to the ancestor dragon.

But that was before, now, Lin Long can bluntly say that his bloodline has completely transformed beyond Zulong.

The breakthrough this time is not just a breakthrough in the law.

Lin Long had an epiphany beside the World Tree, and his bloodline was actually affected by the World Tree, and it developed further.

Nourished by the aura of chaos and the world tree, Lin Long's heels are no longer considered to be prehistoric innate creatures.

But half a chaotic creature.

However, this transformation is not complete, and it will take time for him to transform into a real chaotic creature.

Fortunately, I found my own path.

With the help of the World Tree, he can continue to improve himself, and even the creatures of chaos are not his end.

Only when one day my heel turns into a world dragon entrenched on the World Tree, can this be considered a real achievement.

"I'm waiting to welcome the Dragon God to leave the customs!"

While everyone bowed down, Lin Long turned into a human form again.

Lin Long, who returned to human form, compressed his aura to the extreme.

The state of Hunyuan Golden Immortal in the later stage can't be seen at all.

"Today, I comprehend the Great Way of the Dragon God, and hereby impart the Dharma!"

"All citizens of the Dragon God Realm can listen!"

The first thing Lin Long did when he left the customs was to pass on the cultivation methods he had researched that were suitable for the three races.

Although Hongjun's practice method of cutting three corpses can make people quickly improve their strength, but in the absence of the primordial purple energy, they can only cultivate to quasi-sage, which is equivalent to the road of self-destruction.

And the Dragon God Way that I passed down, although it is not as convenient as the method of killing three corpses, it is better than that, it is a cultivation method that directly points to the Dao.


		