

Even though I was full of doubts in my heart, I was reluctant to give up this merit that was so easy to get.

In the end, under Lin Longlian's deceit, Lao Tzu agreed to let one of his three corpses be stationed in the human race to perform the duties of the leader of the human religion.

And Lin Long also promised him that as long as the human race is under the teaching of Lao Tzu, every time a Da Luo is born, Lao Tzu, the leader of the human religion, will get a piece of merit.

Of course, cultivating some arrogance for the human race is also Lao Tzu's achievement.

For this reason, Lin Long even formulated a set of strict performance appraisal for Lao Tzu.

For example, no matter how old a certain human race has broken through to what kind of realm, it can be counted as the arrogance of heaven, and Lao Tzu can get as much merit as possible.

How much more than the total amount of Da Luo in the human race, Lao Tzu can also get a generous amount of extra luck merits.

In order to tie Lao Tzu firmly to the human race, Lin Long directly copied the achievement system he had experienced in the game in his previous life to Lao Tzu.

Then, another wave of pancakes was drawn crazily.

He also doesn't have to worry about Lao Tzu's level of education being so good that all the luck of the human race will fall into Lao Tzu's hands.

Because Lin Long had already calculated that every time a Da Luo was born in the human race, about 20% of the luck that this Da Luo would increase would go to Lao Tzu, and the rest would be fed back to the human race.

In this way, a virtuous circle will be formed!

The more masters of the human race I teach, the more luck the human race will have.

It is equivalent to letting Lao Tzu, a laborer, work for me without any luck.

Moreover, this is only the first step, and the pawns on Zhunti and Guiding have not yet been officially activated.

After the western duo and Dongfang completely tore apart their faces and stabbed Hongjun in the back, the effect of the blood mosquito needle was revealed.

Lao Tzu worked frantically to earn merits, while Jieyin and Zhunti drew merits from Sanqing.

After the merits of Jieyin and Zhunti were absorbed, they would be lost again, and the lost merits would return to Lin Long.

After the merits of Lao Tzu's luck are lost, he will work harder, and after the merits of the western duo are lost, they will work harder to absorb the luck of Sanqing.

And the ultimate beneficiary of the cycle is Lin Long!

This is Lin Long's plan!

Otherwise, if he is full, he will give this kind of good thing to Lao Tzu!

Seeing Lao Tzu's avatar go to Shouyang Mountain to start preaching, Lin Long nodded in satisfaction.

The arrangement on Lao Tzu's side has been arranged, only Yuan Shi and Tong Tian are left.

But it's a little tricky right now.

After all, Interpretation and Intervention are aimed at the entire prehistoric world, and in the future, the two sects will also lead to the Conferred God.

This amount of calamity is said to be a dispute between saints, but in fact it is still related to the human race, and Hongjun and Luo Hu will definitely participate in it.

If one fails, maybe these two guys will seize the opportunity.

You still have to find a way to restrain Yuanshi Tianzun and Tongtian, at least not to make trouble for yourself!

After all, what these two people lack the most right now is luck.

But they don't only face the human race like Lao Tzu's sect.

After thinking for a while, Lin Long had an idea in his mind.

"Now the monster race has multiplied a lot. Ever since they entered the small world, Dijun and Taiyi have seldom cared about the monster race. Could it be that these two guys are going to lie down?"

"That's not okay, I have to find something for them to do."

Thinking of this, Lin Long's figure flickered and disappeared immediately.

Now that the human race has not risen in calamity, I have to arrange all the chess pieces, and it is normal to be busy.

It is not easy to be a master of chess.


The small world of the demon clan.

Today's small world of the demon clan has been renamed the demon world by Di Jun.

Compared with the richness of the Dragon God Realm, the Yaozu is relatively inferior.

After all, this is just a small world built with mana, not transformed by the Chaos Orb, so it is naturally not as good as the Dragon God Realm.

It's just that the demon world is more insufficient than the top and more than the bottom. Compared with the prehistoric resources, the demon world is not much worse, but the top innate spiritual roots or innate treasures cannot be born in it.

There is no difference in the rest of the resources, and there is less competition.

If there is really some top-quality innate spiritual root or innate treasure in Honghuang, you can send people out to look for it.

Generally speaking, Yaozu is quite satisfied with their current life.

And because of Houyi and Dihua, the Lich clans were married together, and the two clans had contacts with each other, and the relationship between the two clans can be considered to be very harmonious now.

In the Heavenly Court of the Demon Realm, Lin Long, Di Jun, Tai Yi, and Kunpeng sat beside the stone table.

On one side, there are many female fairies who are holding some spiritual fruits and serving them carefully.

Di Jun raised his hand and poured a cup of tea for Lin Long, and then he asked with a smile: "Master Dragon God, you are usually busy, why do you suddenly have time to come to my demon world today? But what's your order?"

Today's Lin Long is recognized as the strongest in Honghuang, and everyone has to give face.

What's more, Lin Long is also the master of Di Jun's son-in-law, so he is also his own.

Di Jun didn't bother to put on airs anymore. In front of the real strong, the so-called imperial majesty was just a joke.

On the contrary, it is not as relaxed and normal as this, and it can still leave Lin Long with a good impression.

Lin Long picked up the teacup and took a sip, then smiled and said, "I came here this time to give you a chance!"

"Opportunity!"

Di Jun's eyes lit up, it was no small matter to be called a chance by the person in front of him.

The last time I said to give the Yaozu a chance, I directly sent a demon world, which made the Yaozu successfully get rid of the calamity.

Not sure what's going to happen this time.

Even if it was Di Jun, he couldn't help but start to look forward to it.

"I don't know what kind of opportunity Lord Dragon God will bestow on you?"

Facing Dijun's question, Lin Long was not in a hurry, and started chatting like a chat: "The descendants of the Wu Clan, the ancestors of the Wu family, evolved into the six reincarnations, and many Wu Clans have entered the underworld to earn merit. You should know about this. Bar?"

With Lin Long's help, Hou Tu naturally didn't abandon his identity as the ancestor witch and turned himself into the six reincarnations, but just transformed into a clone of Empress Pingxin and settled in the underworld.

With the convenience of his position, Houtu arranged a lot of errands for the Wu people to earn merit.

For example, the bull's head and horse's face in the underworld, the underworld messenger who escorts the undead, the ten halls of hell, and so on.

The errands in the underworld, one counts as one, are occupied by the witch clan.

Of course Di Jun knew about this, and he had envied him countless times for a long time.

With meritorious deeds, even the witch clan, the speed of practice is greatly improved.

The most important thing is that this is not a one-shot deal. The Six Realms of Reincarnation coexists with the heaven and the earth. This is a long-term development path. It can be said that as long as the heaven and the earth exist, the Wu Clan will have one day's merit.

Although he has not become the overlord of the world, it is conceivable that the Wu clan will take off, and it is just around the corner!

It's a pity that the evil spirit in the underworld is too heavy, and the monster's body can bear it for a short time. If they stay in it for a long time, they will inevitably be corroded.

Otherwise, even if Di Jun had a thick skin, he would definitely ask the Wu Clan for some errands.

"Dragon God, of course I know about this, but the situation in the underworld is not suitable for my monster clan..."

When Di Jun heard Lin Long mention the underworld, he thought that Lin Long's so-called opportunity was to help the Yaozu find some errands in the underworld to earn merit, and his tone was inevitably a little disappointed.

However, Lin Long laughed and said: "Di Jun, I didn't say that I would take the Yaozu to the underworld! The underworld is transformed by tunnels and has its own rules. Although I can avoid such rules, the Yaozu cannot bear it. "

"The opportunity I'm talking about is on Sanqing's side!"

Hearing this, Di Jun frowned slightly: "Master Dragon God, can you make it clearer?"

Lin Long nodded, and explained: "Now that the three Qings have been proclaimed and sanctified, Lao Tzu's side is the human religion, and the monster race is naturally not easy to intervene, but Yuanshi Tianzun's elucidation of teachings and Tongtian leader's interception of teachings are still lacking." Many disciples."

"Many Yaozu people are difficult to control. In my opinion, it is better to select some good-behaved Yaozu and send them to the interception and elucidation."

Hearing this, Di Jun frowned slightly: "Master Dragon God, forgive Di Jun for being stupid, I don't know what benefit this matter will have for our monster clan?"

It's not that Dijun doesn't scatter eagles when he doesn't see rabbits, the main reason is that if there are no benefits, it's not a chance! Therefore, he really did not understand what Lin Long meant.

Even Tai Yi and Kunpeng next to him didn't understand Lin Long's meaning, but they didn't speak, but looked at Lin Long with puzzled faces.

Lin Long chuckled, and explained: "This matter is of great benefit to your monster clan. Now your monster clan is prosperous and has a large number of people, but if you want to pick out the outstanding places and educate them, I'm afraid it's too much. Not enough? After all, you have to practice yourself."

"Furthermore, it is not as good as gaining the strengths of all the families to cultivate by the monster clan's own method. Therefore, it is better to send it to Yuanshi Tianzun and Tongtian leader."

"These two sects were founded by saints. If they want the sect to prosper, they will spare no effort to educate their disciples. It is equivalent to the Yaozu finding two free masters."

"Although those monster clans have joined Jiejiao or Chanjiao, they are still monster clans and are still under the control of your demon emperor Jun."

"And in this way, your monster clan can be regarded as having a direct relationship with the two saints, and you can get a lot of protection to a certain extent."

Lin Long opened his mouth to explain, but his words were full of deep temptation.


		