

"Thank you, Dragon God, for your help. This kindness will never be forgotten."

The three looked at Lin Long and bowed in salute.

Lin Long didn't stop him, because if he didn't accept this gift, the three of them would not feel at ease.

Zulong stood up, looked at Lin Long with complicated eyes, and said after a while, "The dragon clan obeys the order. From now on, I will retire as the patriarch of the dragon clan. The new patriarch of the dragon clan is Qingmu Longshen!"

"The patriarch of the Dragon Clan, master the power of life and death of the Dragon Clan!"

"Anyone who disobeys will be killed!"

Lin Long looked at Zulong in surprise, frowned and said, "Zulong, you don't have to do this, you can still sit in the position of patriarch."

Zu Long shook his head, with a bit of self-blame and loneliness in his tone: "Needless to say, I have already made my decision."

"I'm old, and now I'm about to suppress the karma of heaven and earth. Qinglong and Zhulong's ideas are just like mine. They are wrong. If you want the dragon clan to reproduce in a stable way, only you can take the position of patriarch. I hope you don't shirk this burden." .”

What Zu Long said was very clear, and the meaning was also very clear.

The patriarch was handed over to Lin Long, either because he was worried about Lin Long's inaction, or simply because it was appropriate.

Among the dragon clan, although Qinglong and Zhulong were also seriously injured, they had many supporters.

Any one of them inheriting the position of the Dragon Clan patriarch will definitely bring the Dragon Clan into dispute again.

Lin Long sighed, nodded and said, "Okay, I'll take this position."

"Several, it's getting late. When the catastrophe comes, things will be troublesome."

Above the sky, some thunderclouds began to condense in the gray mist.

Purple arcs kept flickering in the clouds.

The breath of heaven and earth locked the patriarchs of the three clans invisibly.

Obviously, it was because the three races had been here for too long, and they had dissatisfied with the prehistoric order of heaven, and this was a warning.

Yuanfeng and Shi Qilin also looked at each other, without any hesitation in their eyes.

"Well, it has been delayed for a long time, and it is time for us to go where we should go."

"Farewell! Thank you again, Aoki Dragon God!"

The three of them bowed to Lin Long again, turned into their own bodies, and disappeared into the sky.

"Congratulations to the Patriarch!!!"

The people of the three ethnic groups also know that the patriarch went to a prehistoric place to suppress karma for the sake of the ethnic group.

This trip, unless there is no immeasurable kalpa, it must not appear.

Lin Long also bowed in the direction where Zulong disappeared.

Although Zulong was wrong, but in the face of big right and wrong, he was able to sacrifice himself without hesitation to protect the entire ethnic group. This alone is worthy of Lin Long's gift.

The former patriarchs of the three clans have all left, and the Long Han Tribulation has come to an end.

After the patriarch left, the remaining three clans completely lost their backbone, and looked at Lin Long eagerly below.

"From today, the dragon clan lives in Penglai, the Feng clan lives in Fangcun, and the Qilin clan lives in Yingzhou."

"You develop the dojo above by yourself."

"After the matter is over, another leader will be elected from each clan, and I will find this person to convey something to me in the future."

"When you're on the fairy island, don't start any more disputes, otherwise don't blame me for not being sympathetic."

"Yes, obey the Dragon God's decree."

All three tribes expressed their understanding.

"Sanxian Island will stay here temporarily, and I will move it to Xiaotiandi after the matter is dealt with."

"Let's go away."

"By the way, clean up the battlefield so that the corpses of the same clan can be buried safely. After that, you will clean up the grievances on the battlefield together. I want to see the results."

Hearing Lin Long say that the three clans should work together to clear up their grievances, all the clansmen showed embarrassment, but after all, this is an evil created by themselves, and it is indeed inappropriate to stay here, and no one refuted it.

Lin Long nodded in satisfaction.

This effect is what I want.

If you want the three clans to live in harmony in the future, then you have to let the three clans get in touch with each other slowly.

With more contact, time will smooth out all barriers.

Of course, don't be too anxious, this kind of thing still has to be done slowly.

The children of the three clans began to clean up the battlefield, while Lin Long started to work on the small world.

Whether it is the dragon, phoenix, or unicorn clan, this era has passed, and the stage must be given up, so the three clans have to disappear from the prehistoric field of vision.

It is enough to leave some outer personnel stationed in Honghuang.

Lin Long had already planned for Xiaotiandi.

It is said that it is to open up a small world, but Lin Long does not intend to entrust this small world in the prehistoric world.

He had offended Hongjun before.

If this old sixth merges with the prehistoric ways of heaven and earth in the future, he can't bear it by himself.

Fortunately, he has the Chaos Orb in his hand.

"In my current state, I should be able to refine the Chaos Orb a little more."

"The matter of the three clans has not been dealt with yet, take advantage of this time to refine the Chaos Orb."

"Leave an entrance and exit in the prehistoric world, and that's fine."

The chaotic aura in the chaotic bead can nourish Sanxian Island, so that the aura of Sanxian Island will not dissipate, but will increase.

Lin Long looked at the three clans below, and ordered, "I want to retreat, and you can settle things here. If there is nothing important, don't disturb me. When I leave the customs, I will call you!"

"Yes, I will understand."

Lin Long transformed into a dragon shape and once again plunged into the depths of the North Sea.

The matter of the Chaos Orb still needs to be hidden a little bit.

Act aggressive when it's time to be aggressive, and be low-key when it's time to be low-key.

The Chaos Orb is one of his most important trump cards. If Hongjun and Luo Hu, the two elders, find out, he will be in trouble.

In Beihai Haiyan, Lin Long arranged layer after layer of formations, spreading out even the law of cause and effect.

Then he performed the deduction technique several times, and after making sure that no one would find out, Lin Long finally took out the Chaos Orb with peace of mind.

"Okay, so even if that old guy Hongjun wants to use the fortune jade plate to investigate, it won't be so easy."

I don't know if the current Chaos Orb is nourished by Lin Long's mana, but it seems to be more shiny than when I got it.

"If this continues, will the Chaos Orb return to the level of the Chaos Supreme Treasure?"

Looking at the Chaos Orb, Lin Long had an idea in his mind, but at the next moment, Lin Long shook his head and threw it out of his mind.

I was thinking a little too much, how could it be so easy to recover when the level of Lingbao dropped?

Even if it can be restored, it will take a lot of materials and it will take infinite time.

Right now, I'm thinking a little too much.

Lin Long's consciousness slowly sank into the Chaos Orb.

In the chaotic orb, the boundless chaotic air seems to be when the world has not yet opened.

Lin Long tried to mobilize the five elements in it.

In the evolution of heaven and earth, the five elements are the most basic elements.

With the help of the power of the five elements as the foundation, the world opened up can be made stronger.

[You open up the world with the help of the Five Elements Law, and your proficiency in the Five Elements Law increases! ! ! 】

[In the process of opening up the world, you have successfully comprehended the law of yin and yang! ! ! 】

[In the process of opening up the world, you successfully comprehended the supernatural power: open the sky! ! ! 】

The reminder came to mind, Lin Long was surprised for a moment, and then he was pleasantly surprised.

"Opening up the world can have so many benefits!"

"I've just started. If I deduce this small world according to the normal prehistoric world, will I be able to comprehend the three thousand laws!"

"Damn! This is much better than the good fortune jade plate!"


		