

"Master Dragon God, we didn't know it was you, so please don't blame us."

Jieyin and Zhunti's expressions changed in fright, and they hurriedly apologized to Lin Long.

But this sentence directly caused an uproar among the people in the main hall of Zixiao Palace!

"What! He is Aoki Dragon God?"

"Qingmu Dragon God, isn't that the great power of the ancient dragon and phoenix, come here to listen to the sermon now?"

"Qingmu Dragon God, according to the legend, is an existence of the same level as the Taoist ancestor, and now he is showing up here!"

"Tch, that was only at the beginning, now it's the same as going to Zixiao Palace to listen to the sermon with me."

"That's right, I think it's because my practice has come to an end, and I want to listen to Daozu's preaching in order to make a breakthrough."

"It is said that the Dragon God Realm has a way to break through the practice, it seems that it is exaggerated."

"Tsk, the great power who was once the same generation as the Taoist ancestor can only bow down here."

"It's true that he has lost his spine, but right now, Zhunti and Jieyin are definitely not his opponents here."

Among the crowd, San Xiao and Zhao Gongming were furious. If they hadn't remembered Master's order not to cause trouble, they would have to take out their magic weapon and smash the heads of these people!

Others don't know, but their disciples know very well that their master has not come to the end of some path.

As early as a thousand years ago, his master was already the Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian, which is the realm equivalent to a saint in Hongjun's mouth.

These years, my master has been retreating, and his aura has become more and more mysterious. Although he didn't say it, San Xiao and the others also know that the master's realm has definitely improved a lot.

If Hongjun is really just a saint, he is no match for his master at all.

This time I came to Zixiao Palace, it was also to increase my knowledge. If not, how could Master condescend to set foot in Zixiao Palace?

The more Bi Xiao thought about it, the more angry she became. The little girl had a violent temper, and she couldn't tolerate others saying that her master was not good at all, so she wanted to speak up immediately, but Yun Xiao, who was beside her, had quick eyes and quick hands, and held Bi Xiao down.

"Honestly, these things are not our concern. Master has his own plans. Don't cause trouble for Master."

Only then did Bi Xiao give up, and resentfully said: "Hmph, if it weren't for that, I would have smashed their dog's heads!"

Besides, Jieyin and Zhunti bowed their heads to salute, beads of sweat dripped down their foreheads, and their bodies were trembling.

Lin Long smiled slightly and asked, "Why, do you want my position?"

Jieyin and Zhunti nodded subconsciously, then turned pale with fright, and hurriedly shook their heads frantically.

"Dragon, Senior Dragon God, I didn't expect you to be here."

Zhunti pulled out a smile that was uglier than crying.

"What? I can't be here?"

"No, no, just, just..."

After talking for a long time, he didn't say anything about the reason.

With a smile on his face, Lin Long looked at the two men with malicious intentions: "Did you do a lot of tricks when you came to the East this time?"

Hearing this, Jieyin and Zhunti's hearts trembled even more.

Back then, Lin Long had said that he was not allowed to set foot in the east, otherwise Lin Long would personally kill himself.

And this time when I came to listen to the sermon, the two of my brothers snatched a lot of good things in the east...

Thinking of this, Jieyin and Zhunti panicked terribly.

Compared with other people, Jieyin Zhunti, who has seen Lin Long and Luo Hu fight, knows how powerful Lin Long is.

The power of Lin Long and Luo Hu at the beginning is still not up to now.

Jie Yinzhun mentioned that sometimes it is still very clear to see things, whether Lin Long was surpassed by Hongjun, that is his business, right now his brother must not be as strong as Lin Long.

If Lin Long really wanted to do something, it would be very easy for him to pinch himself to death.

"In that case, you naturally understand the rules, right?"

Seeing that the two of them didn't speak, Lin Long knew that he was right without deduction. The two brothers must have gained a lot of benefits.

Jieyin and Zhunti were taken aback for a moment, then looked at each other with bitterness on their faces, and then skillfully took out the magic treasures, spiritual roots, and fairy grasses they had found from the east...

"Hey, are you brothers robbing or helping the poor? Remember to come and rob me next time."

Lin Long was not polite, and immediately put away all the treasures and spirit root fairy grass that the two brothers took out.

"Today I came to listen to the sermon. Seeing that you are so knowledgeable, I will spare you for the time being and find a place to sit down."

Hearing this, Jieyin and Zhunti nodded hastily as if they were pardoned. They didn't dare to think about the positions of the futons in front of them. Looking around, they could only find an aggrieved seat in the corner.

While all the great powers sneered in their hearts, they also shook their heads secretly.

At the same time, he began to look at Lin Long again.

Some of the great powers who knew the western duo secretly thought about it.

Jieyin Zhunti is not the kind of person who will give in easily, making these two guys so obedient shows that this Qingmu Dragon God is probably not in vain.

Thinking of this, all the experts dared not talk about Lin Long indiscriminately.

As the receptionist took his seat, the gate of Zixiao Palace was completely closed.

I saw an old man wearing a black Taoist robe and holding a dust whisk sitting on top of the clouds in the sky at some point, looking down at the crowd.

In an instant, purple air filled the hall!

Endless rays of light suddenly appeared.

The golden wheel of merit is dazzling.

Hongjun's high-profile and pretentious appearance deeply shocked the hearts of everyone.

The appearance of purple air represents the recognition of heaven, and the endless rays of light are the embodiment of strength.

Needless to say, the remaining merits and virtues of the Golden Wheel must be merits and virtues obtained from the Heavenly Dao.

If there is any one of these three things, it must be a leading figure in the prehistoric world, but now they are all gathered in Hongjun.

Immediately, the dissatisfaction with the millennium waiting disappeared in the hearts of all the mighty ones, and instead they looked pious.

"I'm waiting to meet the saint!"

In the main hall, all the powerful people spontaneously stood up and bowed down to Hongjun.

I didn't know the power of Hongjun before, and I didn't understand what the saint represented, but now, after seeing Hongjun, all the powerful people finally understood the power of the saint and the meaning behind it.

It doesn't matter if you don't want to.

If you don't worship, you don't respect the way of heaven!

It's just that, among these worshippers, there are some people who don't fit in well.

For example, the twelve ancestors of the witch clan, Sanxiao, Zhao Gongming, and the six-eared macaque who hid in the dark and listened carefully.

And then there was Lin Long who was sitting on the first futon.

Hongjun obviously didn't care about those people in the palace who didn't respect him, and he didn't even notice Lin Long was here at the first time.

After all, Hongjun is in a good mood after countless years of practice and finally reached this point.

These great powers in the Zixiao Palace are the beginning of his evangelism!

"That's right, there are not too many and not too many in the hall, exactly three thousand... zero six???"

Hongjun's spiritual sense swept over him, and he froze on the spot.

What's the matter?

Why are there six more?

Shouldn't the Dao coincide with the number of three thousand? There are six more, where can I go to make use of the six extra avenues?

Hongjun looked at the futon below again, it didn't matter if he didn't look at it, but when he looked at it, Hongjun almost spat out a mouthful of old blood.

Lin Long was sitting at the top of the futon, looking at him with a smile on his face.

Obviously, the six extra people were Lin Long, Sanxiao Zhao Gongming, and the six-eared macaque hiding in the corner.

And on the futon, apart from Lin Long who is the first, the second is Nuwa, the third is Laozi, then Yuanshi, Tongtian, and Hongyun at the end.

and many more? What about quasi-reception? They are not here, how will the karma owed by the West be repaid?

Hongjun swept over with his consciousness again.

The corners of Hongjun's eyes twitched when he saw Zhunti who was sitting and half squatting in the corner.

Look at that timid virtue, it doesn't look like a saint in the future.

Hongjun couldn't help taking two deep breaths, comforting himself in his heart.

"Forget it, fortunately, all those who want to come have come."

"As for the futon..."

Hongjun originally wanted to take the opportunity to establish a wave of opportunities first, to show his selflessness, and to bestow opportunities on the few people on the futon.

But looking at it now, it's obviously not going to work.

"I didn't expect that Lin Long would dare to come to Zixiao Palace knowing that I was a saint."

Thinking of this, Hongjun inspected carefully, but frowned slightly.

Because he found that he couldn't see through Lin Long's cultivation!

In the past, that's all, I didn't prove the Tao, but now, I'm already a saint, why can't I see through his cultivation?

Hongjun's heart suddenly sank.

Because there is only one possibility.

Lin Long's cultivation is higher than his own!

"Did he also prove the truth? This is impossible!"

As for the possibility of being deceived by heaven's secrets, Hongjun unilaterally ignored it.

"No, you can't let this Lin Long sit down, if he incites, hinders the impoverished preaching plan..."

Hongjun made a decision in his heart.

I saw Hongjun casually laying out another futon beside him, looked at Lin Long, and said with a smile: "Fellow Daoist, I didn't know you would come. You and I have known each other for many years, so we shouldn't be sitting here. Stay with friends."

Seeing what Hongjun meant, Lin Long smiled secretly, then got up and sat on the futon.

"In that case, let me give up my seat to Yaozu Xihuang."

Lin Long beckoned to Fuxi, but Fuxi was a little dazed, for a moment he never imagined that such a good thing would happen to him.

Na Hongjun's complexion was quite ugly. In his own territory, this Lin Long was more like a master.

But he didn't refute Lin Long on this kind of matter, what if Lin Long made trouble again?

For Lin Long, it doesn't matter where he sits, he mainly wants to see why Hongjun won't come down to the stage!

Anyway, the futon has been messed up now, even if I give up the futon, it will not help.

There will still be fun.

However, Hongjun's approach caused an uproar in the hearts of many powerful people.

Especially the group of people who were not optimistic about Lin Long before.

This Lin Long, in front of Taoist Ancestor, dared to have such a big face that he could be set up as a futon alone!


		