

After carefully inspecting the ruins of his dojo, Yuanshi Tianzun finally discovered the strangeness of the matter.

At the same time, I also realized why I felt a little familiar when I saw the green dragon.

Isn't that green dragon the same hateful guy who attacked him on Sanxian Island back then? !

"Second brother, what happened?"

Laozi heard Yuanshi Tianzun's roar, Laozi and Tongtian frowned slightly, and looked at Yuanshi.

"Big brother, third brother, we have been cheated!"

Yuan Shi gritted his teeth with hatred, and after careful perception, the cause and effect left under the ruins of Yuxu Palace were slowly disappearing.

Everything shows that the sneak attacker I met on Sanxian Island back then was that green dragon!

At this moment, Yuanshi Tianzun couldn't hold back anymore.

Regardless of his own face, he told the whole story from beginning to end, and at the same time expressed his own analysis.

"That blue dragon must be the guy I met on the East China Sea and attacked me!"

"Moreover, the matter of the Demon Whale King is probably related to him!"

Yuan Shi gritted his teeth angrily. Before that, he had been wondering why he was suddenly infected with karma, since he had never even met the Demon Whale King face to face.

When I saw the green dragon just now, I didn't notice it for a moment. Now that I think about it carefully, the green dragon has cast so many laws in succession. With his aptitude, it is not difficult to master the law of cause and effect.

After Yuanshi Tianzun's voice fell, Laozi and Tongtian looked at each other and nodded secretly.

This thing may sound a bit bizarre.

But if you think about it carefully, it's very reasonable.

"Second brother, if this matter is as you guessed, I'm afraid we can only suffer from being dumb."

After a long time, Lao Tzu sighed.

When Yuanshi Tianzun heard it, his eyes widened suddenly, and he jumped three feet high: "What? Let's forget it like this?"

In fact, not only Yuanshi Tianzun couldn't accept it, but even Tongtian beside him couldn't understand it.

Brother, are you confused?

That Qinglong made it clear that he played with Sanqing and Aohai in his hands, how could this matter be left alone?

What kind of reason is this?

"Brother, as long as we can find him and confront him, we can prove our innocence! I didn't take any treasure from him!"

After all, Yuanshi Tianzun was the person involved, and he couldn't accept this kind of ending anyway.

However, Lao Tzu shook his head and said, "Second Brother, do you really think that what the Dragon Clan cares about is what treasure you took?"

After all, Lao Tzu looked at Tong Tian again, and seemed to be clearing up his doubts for the third brother, and continued: "There are so many spiritual treasures in the wilderness, and it has always been whoever is stronger who gets the treasure."

"Even the creatures watching the theater, what they care about is not whether you get the treasure or not. The key to the problem is the face of the dragon clan!"

After hearing this, Yuanshi Tianzun and Tongtian were all silent.

That's right, the Dragon Clan is notoriously rich, so how could they go to war with their three brothers for an unwarranted treasure?

The reason, of course, is face and prestige!

After all, the Dragon Clan is now at war with the Phoenix Clan and the Qilin Clan, and wars are raging everywhere on the prehistoric lands.

The Demon Whale King under the Dragon Clan was beaten, which was tantamount to rubbing the Dragon Clan's face on the ground. It's strange that the Dragon Clan didn't mind.

Therefore, the crux of the problem is that the treasures on the territory of the Dragon Clan must belong to the Dragon Clan. Regardless of whether you take it or not, if you hurt the Demon Whale King, you must give the Dragon Clan an explanation for this matter.

Otherwise, what face does the Dragon Clan have in contending for supremacy?

Of course, this means that Yuanshi Tianzun is suspected of stealing treasures and destroying the body of the Demon Whale King.

If this matter were put on Lin Long, it would be completely different.

If it was Lin Long, not to mention destroying the Demon Whale King's body, even if he was killed in body and spirit on the spot, the Dragon Clan would even say hello on the spot, and would not make a big move.

Even if Lin Long is willing, the Dragon Clan can give him treasures. Seeing which race under his command is unhappy, the Dragon Clan will directly go to Lin Long's heart.

"Second brother and third brother, do you understand?"

Lao Tzu sighed, and said: "The potential shown by the green dragon, even the ancestor dragon of the dragon clan, I am afraid that I have to do my best to win it over. If we know that we have conflicts and old grievances with the dragon clan, and the destruction of our Kunlun Mountain today, I'm afraid it will happen again, to give that Qinglong his favor..."

After hearing this, Yuanshi Tianzun stomped his feet bitterly.

What the hell is this called?

That Qinglong took the Three Immortals Island, and he helped to take the blame and help him get beaten, but he ran out halfway and became a peacemaker, and took advantage of himself.

In the end, when I finally found out that this guy was the culprit, I still had to keep this matter in my heart and help others keep it a secret, or I would have to be beaten up!

This impure act of resentment?

For a moment, Yuan Shi was so angry that he couldn't even speak.

"Okay, second brother, I know you are angry, but this matter is not completely hopeless."

Lao Tzu said, Yuan Shi's eyes lit up, and he immediately asked: "Brother, what do you mean by this? Do we still have a chance to take revenge on that guy?"

However, looking at Yuanshi's eyes full of hope, Lao Tzu shook his head: "No, what I mean is that you have helped him take the blame this time, and you have become friends with him more or less. I feel that this green dragon has extraordinary aptitude and has a good chance of becoming the second dragon ancestor of the Dragon Clan, and we will not be at a disadvantage if we use this matter to make good deals with him."

Lao Tzu's character has always been quiet and inaction, but in peace and inaction, there will be times when he insists on his own interests.

Now that this matter can no longer be disputed, then, it is better to sell favors to that Qinglong, and take the opportunity to turn hostility into friendship.

But Yuanshi Tianzun became numb after hearing this.

Looking at Lao Tzu, it took a long time before he said a word.

"Brother, are you serious? I helped him take the blame, and now I have to lick him? Look, why don't you kill me!"

Lao Tzu glared: "What nonsense are you talking about? It's better to get rid of enemies than make friends. This green dragon has unlimited potential. If it can really grow up, it will definitely not be inferior to Zulong. Since we can't take revenge now, why don't we take the opportunity to make friends?"

Yuan Shiqi couldn't say a word.

What the hell is this called?

Tong Tian stood aside but did not speak.

He is not as snobbish as Lao Tzu, nor as stubborn as Yuan Shi. In contrast, Tong Tian is more curious about Lin Long's true strength.

If there is a chance to contact again, maybe you can understand.

Therefore, he had no intention of objecting to Lao Tzu's proposal.

Only Yuanshi Tianzun was injured.

The three brothers stood on the ruins of Yuxu Palace and remained silent for a long time.


At the same time, in a dragon palace in the wild deep sea.

A huge golden dragon with a golden body and a height of 10,000 feet is entrenched, and in front of it, Ao Hai seems to be bowing his head to report.

"Zulong, that's how things are. I don't know when my Dragon Clan has such a talented clansman, but that clansman doesn't seem to want to contribute to my Dragon Clan's struggle for hegemony. What do you think about this matter?"

As Ao Hai's voice fell, the golden dragon slowly opened its eyes, and its huge pupils looked at Ao Hai in front of it.

Ao Hai in human form is like an ant in front of this giant dragon, with only one pupil, it is countless times bigger than him.

Between one breath and one breath, you can stir up the terrifying currents on the bottom of the sea.

"The five-clawed green dragon also masters the law of time, the law of five elements, and the law of space... With such combat power, our dragon clan must not let it be lost!"

When Zu Long opened his mouth, his voice was like Hong Zhong Dalu: "However, he is still unwilling to get involved in these matters, and our attitude must not be too tough, otherwise, if it backfires, I am afraid that Yuan Feng and Shi Qilin will see it as a joke .”

While speaking, Zulong's voice was slow, and then his mana fluctuated, as if he had forcibly deduced it with the supernatural power of the dragon clan: "This son is named Lin Long, but I can only guess this, his fate seems to be hidden. Son, from now on, make him the third dragon god of our dragon clan after Qinglong and Zhulong!"

He doesn't seem to be surprised by Lin Long's hidden fate, because there are many mysterious people in the wild.

"What? The third dragon god?"

Ao Hai was taken aback.

You know, the status of the dragon god is second only to the ancestor dragon among the dragon clan!

His subordinates can lead countless dragon clans, and they are already the highest level of dragon clans!

Those with the title of Dragon God are all dragons with top strength and who have made great contributions to the dragon clan.

But now Zulong conferred the position of dragon god to that green dragon with a single sentence, isn't it too child's play?

However, after thinking about it, Ao Hai understood Zulong's intention.

In name, the Dragon Clan granted him the title of Dragon God, but in fact he was tied to the Dragon Clan warship.

"Okay, baby, let's spread this news to the prehistoric world, so that the senior Dragon God will have a sense of belonging to my Dragon Clan!"


		