

With the help of the descendants, Lin Long and the six-eared macaque soon arrived at the ancestral land of the Wu clan.

That is, at the foot of Buzhou Mountain.

Coming here again, the appearance at the foot of Buzhou Mountain has changed.

Looking at the scene in front of him, Lin Long couldn't help but sigh.

Above the prehistoric times, time has changed.

The last time I came here, there was only a dense forest at the foot of Buzhou Mountain, and there were very few creatures.

I didn't expect to come here again, a group of witches had already taken root here, which seemed extraordinarily lively.

"The Houtu Ancestral Witch is back! The Houtu Ancestral Witch is back!"

Seeing Houtu in the tribe, some Wu people shouted excitedly.

The six-eared macaque followed Lin Long, looking at the scene in front of him, also a little curious.

"Haha, little girl, you're back! Hey, who is this little baby and this little boy next to you? They don't look like the children of my Wu Clan?"

A burly, muscular man with red hair from the Wu tribe stepped out.

Seeing Lin Long, the man looked him up and down curiously.

Houtu hastily winked.

"Brother Zhu Rong, don't talk nonsense, this is..."

"I traveled here, and happened to meet the Houtu Ancestral Witch. I chatted very well with the Houtu Ancestral Witch. I have never been to the Witch Clan before, so I brought my little apprentice over to have a look."

Before Houtu could finish speaking, Lin Long took the words.

"Oh, so that's the case, haha, since you are my little sister's friend, then you are also a friend of my Wu Clan."

"Play as you please."

"Little sister, I still have some things to do. Big brother told me to come over and stop entertaining your friend. Let's have a drink together at night!"

After speaking, Zhu Rong turned and left.

After Zhu Rong left, Houtu looked at Lin Long: "My lord, you don't want to..."

Lin Long smiled slightly: "My identity will not be disclosed for the time being."

Houtu nodded half-understood: "Okay, I understand, my lord."

"My lord, what about us now?"

"Take me around first to see how your Wu tribe is developing."

Lin Long is still very interested in the Wu Clan.

The witch race is different from other races of creatures, both in terms of cultivation methods and living habits are very interesting.

The Wu clan is very similar to the predecessor of the human race, but compared to the human race, they are more powerful.

However, there seems to be a lack of creativity.

Suddenly Lin Long thought of something, looked at Houtu and asked, "Do all the people of the Wu clan have Yuanshen now?"

With the Wu Clan of Yuanshen, they seem to be more outstanding in terms of wisdom.

If all have souls, then there seems to be no need for human races similar to the witch race.

I don't know how Hongjun will solve this trouble in the future.

Houtu shook his head: "No, my lord, you had very little aura of enlightenment back then, only our Twelve Patriarchs felt this aura, and were fortunate enough to give birth to the primordial spirit."

Lin Long frowned slightly: "You always talked about the original aura along the way. You were the first to discover me just now. How did you judge?"

Hearing Lin Long's question, Hou Tu lowered his head, his eyes revealing thoughts.

"My lord, I'm actually not sure, but this aura is shared by all the witches, it's just that they are strong and some are weak."

"Only your breath is the purest."

All witches have it?

I am a genuine Dragon Clan, how can I have the same aura as the Witch Clan?

Suddenly, a thought flashed through Lin Long's mind!

No, there is really one thing, which may be shared by himself and the Wu Clan.

The law of strength!

Compared with other laws, the law of strength has something different, that is, it will penetrate into the practitioner's body.

Unconsciously change the monk's physical strength.

The higher the law of strength, the stronger the physical body.

The witch clan does not practice the law of power.

But the Wu Clan was inherited from Pangu, maybe the Wu Clan had unknowingly inherited the law of force.

This power has been integrated into their blood, so the physical body of the Wu clan is very strong.

But they don't know it themselves.

Then everything makes sense.

Looking at Houtu, Lin Long suddenly had an idea in his heart.

He beckoned towards Houtu.

"Come here, come closer."

Hou Tu was puzzled, but walked over anyway.

"My lord, what are your orders?"

Snapped!

With the momentum of deceiving his ears and not being able to beat the thunder, Lin Long pointed at the eyebrows behind him!

The next moment, Houtu's eyes became empty!

Immediately afterwards, a powerful aura erupted from Houtu's body.

The breath rushed straight into the sky, and the clouds in the sky were shaken out of a gap.

The space around Houtu shook violently!

"What's going on? Is there an enemy attack?"

"No, the direction of the vibration came from the Houtu Ancestral Witch!"

"Quick! Hurry up and see what happened!"

Ordinary Wu Clan children have already felt it, and the rest of the Wu Clan's ancestors are no exception.

In the Pangu Great Hall, the remaining eleven ancestor witches except Houtu stood up together.

"What's going on? Little sister Houtu made a breakthrough? Why did she burst out with such a strong aura!"

"Go, let's go and have a look together!"

The six-eared macaque hid beside Lin Long, looked at the abnormal Houtu, and then at Lin Long.

"Master, what are you doing?"

Houtu's sudden change really shocked him.

Lin Long's expression was also a little dignified.

I just made a small attempt, but I didn't expect it to cause such a big commotion.

"Sure enough, my conjecture is correct, the law of force is the foundation of the physical strength of the Wu Clan!"

But it's just the realization of some laws of force passed down by Hou Tu that it will make her such a big improvement!

Swish! Swish!

Eleven figures suddenly appeared around Lin Long and Houtu.

"Boy, what happened to my little sister? What happened just now?"

Zhu Rong recognized Lin Long, and only thought of Lin Long as an ordinary monk, but at the moment the matter was urgent and there was no time to take it into consideration.

"Houtu Zuwu looks like she is about to break through. As for what happened, wake up and ask her later."

"You!" You Zuwu was obviously very dissatisfied with Lin Long's answer.

In the end, it was Zhu Rong who stopped the ancestor witch: "Okay, everyone, this is a friend brought back by my younger sister. My younger sister is fine now, so let's not embarrass him."

Liu Er curled his lips aside.

As an apprentice, I couldn't be more clear about how noble my master is.

Just now Houtu had to be careful in front of his master.

And after hearing Houtu's words, his master is still some kind of witch god of the witch clan.

It sounds like he has a much higher status than this ancestral witch.

"Brother, what should we do now? Just wait like this?"

Zhu Rong looked at Di Jiang and asked Di Jiang for his opinion.

Di Jiang was thinking whether to wake Houtu up, when he saw Houtu's aura suddenly restrained.

Under the watchful eyes of all the witches, the aura of the middle stage of Da Luo Jinxian directly broke through to the late stage of Da Luo Jinxian.

Houtu finally opened his eyes slowly.

"Well, brother, why are you all here?"

Seeing the surrounding situation clearly, Hou Tu came back to his senses.

Zhu Rong stepped forward and looked at Houtu carefully: "Little sister, are you okay, why did you break through suddenly and silently?"


		