

Thinking of Nuwa and the man behind Nuwa, Lao Tzu's whole body is filled with excitement.

I can't afford it, I really can't afford it!

Therefore, this is the reason why he has been hesitantly hovering at the foot of Shouyang Mountain.

"Forget it, I still want to think of another way."

Lao Tzu sighed and thought about countless ways, but in the end he felt that he still couldn't benefit from the human race, so he decided to consider himself unlucky and leave.

However, at this moment, a gentle voice suddenly sounded beside him.

"I haven't seen you for a long time, I didn't expect to meet you here."

Hearing this gentle and familiar voice, Lao Tzu trembled as if getting an electric shock, hurriedly dodged to distance himself, and said again and again: "I, I didn't, I wasn't..."

After pulling away for a certain distance, I almost withdrew from the range of Shouyang Mountain, and then I turned around in shock.

"Long...Lin Long, why are you here?"

Subconsciously, he still wanted to call Lin Long the Lord Dragon God, but then he realized that he had now become a saint, so he changed his address and called Lin Long by his first name.

It seems that this can make Lin Long notice that the two parties are equal.

At the same time, this is also a kind of temptation for Lin Long.

Let's see if Lin Long will get angry because of this!

After becoming a sage, many small thoughts that were suppressed in my heart and dared not have gradually came to life. Even Lao Tzu, who has always pursued tranquility and inaction, is naturally not exempt.

Lin Long smiled slightly.

How could he not be aware of Lao Tzu's little thought? But he didn't take this kind of thing seriously, so naturally he didn't correct it.

The gap between Hunyuan Wuji Luo Jinxian and a saint can be described as a world of difference.

Breakthrough to the realm of saints, treat ordinary creatures as ants.

And if he has reached Hunyuan Wuji Luo Jinxian, then even a saint is no different from an ant in his eyes!

For this kind of ants, I can't be serious at all.

Looking at the vigilant Lao Tzu, Lin Long didn't have the heart to play around with him, and immediately asked: "I have my own business to do when I come here, and you have been looking at Shouyang Mountain, why, is it right?" Interested in the luck of the human race?"

As soon as these words came out, Lao Tzu was shocked again.

Could it be that this Cyanwood Dragon God knew my thoughts? Want to lay hands on me?

Comparing your heart with your heart, if the human race is the meat in your own bowl, then I will never tolerate anyone making up their minds.

Therefore, he thought that Lin Long was here to do something!

Unfortunately, Lin Long curled his lips.

You said that you are so cowardly, why are you still playing with such petty thoughts?

"Okay, don't look like this, if I really want to do something, you can't escape!"

Lin Long simply opened the skylight and said bluntly: "I came here this time to help you. You want to use the human race to make up for your luck. It's not because you have no chance at all."

Lao Tzu's eyes lit up, but then he suppressed it again, and said with a vigilant face: "Why do you want to help me?"

"Don't be so nervous, as I said, if I want to do something to you, you won't even have a chance to escape."

Lin Long waved his hand, and the old man was silent for a moment. Thinking about it, it made sense, and Dang even asked, "Okay, Lin Long, although you have a very close relationship with Nuwa Saint, I'm afraid you have said something about the human race." Doesn't it count?"

"You just have too many eyes."

Lin Long shook his head, this guy has a lot of eyes, and he likes to calculate everything, but he often calculates and calculates, and it is easy to include himself in the calculation.

Immediately, Lin Long raised his hand and made a move, and all the luck of the human race hovering on Shouyang Mountain flew towards Lin Long.

That luck turned into a golden rainbow, coiled around Lin Long's side, as well-behaved as a spiritual pet.

"This this……"

The old man on the side has already looked straight at the moment.

This Lin Long can actually mobilize all the luck of the human race!

With so much luck, I am afraid that the luck of the human race has been drained!

Lao Tzu looked at Lin Long in disbelief, his eyes seemed to say, are you sure the human race was created by Nuwa and not you?

Lin Long smiled slightly and did not explain too much to Lao Tzu.

It is true that this human race was created by Nu Wa, and that is recognized by the Dao of Heaven.

But if it is said that it was created by Lin Long, it is not impossible.

After all, Sanguang Shenshui, Nine Heavens Breathing Soil, Innate Gourd Vine... These things that are crucial to the creation of the human race are all provided by Lin Long.

What's more, even Nuwa's law of good fortune was suggested by herself, and Lin Long led her own opportunity.

Therefore, there is no problem for Lin Long to mobilize the opportunities of the human race.

"Now, you should believe that I can help you borrow some luck from the human race, right?"

Hearing Lin Long's words, I fell silent.

Believe it, what's not to believe in this fucking fact?

"What conditions do you have?"

After a moment of silence, Lao Tzu asked.

He also knew that his relationship with Lin Long was not that good, so if he wanted to benefit from Lin Long, he would definitely not be able to do so without paying a price.

Lin Long nodded. On this point, I am quite sensible.

"Since you founded the Human Education, you naturally have to perform the duties of the Human Education. The words you made in the oath of the Dao of Heaven were not for nothing."

What he meant was that the human religion should spread the teachings widely and teach the human race to practice.

Laozi frowned when he heard the words: "The way I practice is to be quiet and inaction. If I am asked to spread the teachings among the human race, I am afraid I will not be able to do it."

Lin Long curled his lips, old man, he still put on such a pretense at this point.

Shit of quietness and inaction, since it is quiet and inaction, why do you want to be holy? Why do you want luck?

If you really want to be quiet and do nothing, you should hide in the dojo and retreat honestly, and don't care about anything!

After all, this bad old man just wants to take advantage of it, not to do things.

is it possible?

Not to mention Nuwa, even a saint of the human race, it is absolutely impossible for me to agree!

"The human race is just on the right track now, and there is still a lack of cultivation methods to survive in the wilderness, and there are a large number of human race children who need to be taught. This is what you should do as a human teacher!"

Lin Long opened his mouth and said: "If you can handle this matter well, I don't need Nu Wa, and I can be the master and add luck and virtue to you!"

While talking, he was also playing with the luck Changhong.

That Changhong is provoking Lao Tzu's heart all the time.

At times before, I didn't pay much attention to luck.

After all, since his birth, Sanqing has possessed a large amount of merits and virtues to open the heavens, and was born with great luck.

Therefore, he has never experienced the annoyance of lack of luck merits.

But not now.

After his own merits were exhausted, he realized how fast he practiced when he had merits before.

Now that he has no merit, this slow speed is really unbearable for him!

Not only him, but his second brother Yuanshi and third brother Tongtian were also worried about this matter.

After all, the luck merit of those two people was also consumed when they proved the Tao.

After thinking for a while, Laozi raised his head and looked at Lin Long: "What do you want me to do, you might as well just tell me, if I can do it, I will agree."

He also accepted his fate.

For luck, don't be ashamed!

Lin Long picked his thumbs up and praised: "The Dao! It's very simple, you sit in the human race, and you can preach for the human race once every hundred years. It is my duty to pass on the next practice method."

Hearing this, Lao Tzu frowned slightly, and retorted: "Impossible, a hundred years is too short, at least once every ten thousand years!"

The prehistoric years are the least valuable, and a hundred years is not even the blink of an eye for these great powers.

This is equivalent to imprisoning himself in the human race in disguise. How could I agree?

However, Lin Long rolled his eyes, Wan Nian? Why don't you say millions of years?

A hundred years is too long for him. You know, the lifespan of human race is very short, except for those who set foot in cultivation, most normal human races have a lifespan of dozens of years at most.

In Lin Long's view, these hundred years have been considered very accommodating.

But having said that, I can't push Lao Tzu too hard.

After pondering for a moment, Lin Long felt that the best thing to do was the next best thing, and he helped Lao Tzu think of an idea: "Actually, this matter is not as difficult as you think. Although you are asked to preach once in a hundred years, I did not say that you must The body is here."

"Hongjun's method of beheading the three corpses still has a lot of merits, such as now."

There was a smile on Lin Long's face, and Lao Tzu trembled at the sight of this smile, and felt a chill from behind his back, as if something bad was about to happen to him.

He suddenly regretted it.

Why did you think about making a deal with this guy?

Shouldn't it be a trick?

He would distribute the merits of the human race to himself for no reason? It's not that he doesn't have a clone, why doesn't he preach by himself?


		