

As soon as Lin Long left the customs, all the ancestor witches of the Wu clan rushed over.

Lin Long was also in a good mood just after his breakthrough in cultivation.

"Okay, let's all get up."

Lin Long waved his hand casually, and an irresistible force of buoyancy lifted up all twelve ancestor witches.

"This power!"

"So strong, I can't even resist!"

"This is the power of Lord Sorcerer God?"

Feeling Lin Long's power, the hearts of all the ancestor witches set off turbulent waves!

How strong is Zu Wu's power? If others don't know, how can I not know?

It is impossible for ordinary creatures to use laws to shake their Wu Clan body.

But Lin Long lifted up all twelve ancestor witches in such an understatement, and judging from his expression, he didn't seem to be struggling at all!

After this breakthrough, Lin Long, whose realm has reached Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian, is equal to that of a saint.

Under the saint, everyone is an ant, this is not a joke.

Even the tyrannical Wu clan is nothing but a slightly bigger ants.

This avatar of Lin Long couldn't use all the power of Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian, but even if it was just a feeling, it was not something these ancestral witches who hadn't reached consummation could resist.

With strength, you can talk anywhere.

Because of their status, the ancestor witches did not reject Lin Long, the witch god.

But if you want to really manage them and make them obey, you still have to show the corresponding strength.

Otherwise, sooner or later there will be problems.

After all, no one likes to have someone weaker than himself giving orders to him all day long.

Even if Lin Long himself didn't want to take advantage of the Wu Clan.

After showing their own strength a little, all the ancestor witches became more respectful.

Lin Long said slowly: "All these years, you have been protecting the Dharma for me, and I know that you just came here today, and I have a chance to give it to you."

A group of ancestral witches suddenly showed excitement!

What I was waiting for was Lin Long's words!

In the past hundred years, Houtu's strength has improved, which is obvious to all. Breaking through to the late stage of Daluo is not the end at all.

All the ancestral witches have been envious of this for a long time, but due to various reasons, it is difficult to open their mouths.

Now that Lin Long himself proposed it, the ancestor witches finally couldn't bear it anymore.

"I'm waiting for the blessing from Lord Sorcerer God!"

If it wasn't because Lin Long didn't like high-profile, he might be excitedly carried out by the Twelve Ancestral Witches to let all the Witch Clan get to know him.

"Okay, don't be too happy too early, listen to me first."

Everyone was startled and looked at Lin Long.

how? Listen to what this means, is there anything else?

Generally speaking, this opportunity is not so easy to take.

The Wu people are just impulsive, but they are not fools. When they heard that there are additional conditions if they want a chance, they stopped talking immediately, shut their mouths, and acted as listeners again.

Lin Long was not angry about this, but rather relieved.

The reason is very simple. Only when you know how to think can you know the trade-offs between pros and cons and be able to communicate.

If the dozens of ancestral witches of the Wu Clan were not like this, I really had to consider whether I should tell them what I wanted to say next.

With a calm face, Houtu looked up at Lin Long.

"Master Witch God, what request do you have? To put it bluntly, although the ordinary people of the Witch Clan don't know your true identity, to us ancestor witches, you are like an elder. As long as it is not something that endangers the Witch Clan, I Waiting is imperative.”

Houtu was very smart, he didn't keep silent and didn't express his opinion, nor did he speak too much.

Lin Long smiled and shook his head: "Don't worry, I'm not asking you to do anything, I just want to tell you something. As for how to decide, that's all your own business, and I won't intervene."

Hearing what Lin Long said, all the ancestor witches were relieved.

"I am willing to listen to the teachings of the Lord Sorcerer God."

Lin Long glanced at the ancestral witch below, and with a wave of his hand, a subtle law of force sank into the eyebrows of the twelve people.

In an instant, the twelve ancestor witches seemed to be in another world.

The surrounding world was a vast expanse of whiteness.

"Well, where is this? Why am I waiting here?"

"No, this is not our physical body, this is our consciousness!"

"Zhu Rong, what nonsense are you talking about? I am an ancestor witch, and the primordial spirit is locked in the physical body. How could it be possible to fall into the consciousness space!"

at this time!

"Ahem, in fact, what Zhu Rong said just now is not wrong. You are indeed in the consciousness space at the moment, but it is not your own consciousness, but I dragged the primordial spirit from your consciousness into mine."

It was none other than Lin Long who spoke.

And this time Lin Long no longer saw them in the appearance of Taoist Mosquito.

"You are, the witch god?"

"Master Witch God, why have you changed?"

Hou Tu, who was fairly familiar with Lin Long, couldn't help asking.

Lin Long didn't hide anymore: "The one who met you before was a clone of me, and what you see now is my original appearance."

"The reason why I transferred you into this consciousness space is that I have something to tell you."

Consciousness space, the outside world cannot perceive and probe.

But ordinary monks will not do this, because it is a very dangerous thing.

If your consciousness is not strong enough, you will be easily hurt by outsiders!

This is a self-destructive thing, and no one wants to do it.

But now Lin Long is already a Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian, and the weak Yuanshen of the Wu Clan really can't hurt him.

Besides, there is a saying called "the right to do things in a hurry."

The avatar couldn't construct an isolation circle that could defend against Hongjun, so it had no choice but to do so.

"What I'm going to tell you next involves the future direction and destiny of the Wu Clan."

As he spoke, he saw some pictures emerging from a pure white space.

All the ancestor witches looked at these pictures curiously.

At first they looked at it out of curiosity, but after seeing a few pictures, all the ancestor witches finally realized something was wrong.

This picture is nothing else, it is the witch clan.

And there are twelve ancestor witches.

Dijiang and the ancestor witches were sure that the scene in the picture had never happened before.

And Lin Long said again that these determine the future direction of the Wu Clan.

Then there is only one possibility left, these are the future of the Wu Clan!

"What! How could I hit Buzhou Mountain!"

"What is the human race here? Why can you break the real body of my witch race?"

"Dijun Taiyi and those two birdmen actually have Zhou Tian Xingdou Great Formation, I underestimated them before!"

A group of ancestral witches are constantly looking for pictures they are interested in.

Lin Long was not in a hurry, he just looked at them.

Until someone saw the most critical picture.

"What! How is this possible! My witch clan has been wiped out?"

"This is impossible! How could this be!"


		