

Lin Long, Luo Hu, and Hong Jun stood in the air, but they didn't speak anymore. Everyone knew their plans for each other.

"Humph!"

The appearance of Hongjun made Luo Hu's plan come to nothing again.

With a cold snort, he flicked his sleeves and prepared to leave.

Hongjun asked with a smile on the side: "Hehe, why, are you done talking about the Demon Ancestor?"

"Hongjun, don't pretend to be confused with me here. We both know why you and I are here."

"If Aoki Dragon God doesn't join forces with me, it doesn't mean that he will join forces with you. There will be a battle between you and me sooner or later, so don't worry."

After Luo Hu finished speaking, he turned his head to look at Lin Long again, and said, "Lin Long, Hongjun disrupted the situation today, and you and I will discuss it another day, but my promise is still valid."

"Relying on the good luck jade butterfly fragment in your hand, this old thing Hongjun can't deduce you, we will meet again some other day!"

After speaking, Luo Hu turned and left.

Lin Long looked at Luo Hu, and scolded Luo Hu in his heart.

"Luo Hu! You old bastard, you actually tricked me!"

Lin Long was sure at this moment that Luo Hu really knew about the fragments of the Jade Plate of Good Fortune that he had obtained from him before.

Fortunately, he still has to scold Hongjun every time!

You are not a fun thing to be a dog!

Although I don't know what method he used to know the cause and effect of his change, but he knows it.

As for why he said it now, it is also very simple. The moment Hongjun appeared, Luo Hu no longer had any hope of being able to win him over.

But he couldn't win him over, so naturally he couldn't let Hongjun win him over.

The fragments of the good luck jade plate on him are like time bombs.

With Hongjun's character, if he can't control everything, he won't feel at ease.

Naturally, it is also impossible to cooperate with Lin Long.

Lin Long looked at Hongjun from the corner of his eye.

Sure enough, although Hongjun hid it well, Lin Long still saw a trace of greed and fear in Hongjun's eyes.

It's just that Hongjun didn't show it right now.

"Since fellow Taoist Rahu has left, the old Taoist will not stay here any longer."

As soon as Luo Hu left, Hongjun didn't say anything about looking for something to do with him.

Both old things are big trotters.

Hong Jun and Luo Hu left, but Lin Long heaved a sigh of relief.

"Hmph, these two old things really bite each other to death."

Lin Long shook his head, didn't stay where he was anymore, turned around and disappeared.

The appearance of Hongjun and Luo Hu made him feel a sense of urgency.

These two bite each other so tightly, which proves that they are all prepared for the final battle, and no accidents are allowed.

The existence of Lin Long is obviously the biggest change now.

Now I seem to have both ways, but in fact it is extremely dangerous.

Once he reveals the slightest intention of standing in line with one side, the other side will not hesitate to attack him, obliterating himself regardless of everything, even if he pays some price.

Lin Long was absolutely sure of this.

The battle of orthodoxy is extremely cruel, and the loser will not only die, but even be wiped out of all traces of existence.

And after the competition between these two is over, Lin Long will still be listed as the first target.

Lin Long shook his head helplessly: "Sure enough, even if I don't want to get involved in these things in Honghuang, I will still get involved if I'm not careful."

"The catastrophe of heaven and earth is really not so easy to escape."

Although I successfully obtained the luck that belongs to the three clans alone, and changed their fate, so that the three clans did not completely decline like the later generations, but I exposed myself in front of Hongjun and Luohu.

"Let's take one step at a time. The most important thing right now is to improve your strength."

Lin Long's eyes became firm.

He didn't regret that he didn't hold on.

Judging from Luo Hu's behavior, even if he didn't show up to protect the three clans, he had already entered Luo Hu's eyes.

Otherwise, he wouldn't know that the fragment of the good fortune jade plate was on him.

Na Hongjun and Luo Hu are almost the same in strength, so he must be able to know his own existence.

Of course, as long as one's own strength is strong enough, no matter whether it is Hongjun or Luo Hu, they can't kill themselves if they want to.

Safety comes first, and there is nothing more secure than owning strong strength.

After the three clans were settled, Lin Long made a special rule that no one among the three clans could leave Sanxian Island without his own consent.

Right now is a critical time, he doesn't want to be contaminated with inexplicable karma because of the three clans, otherwise he may be seized by the two old guys, Hongjun or Luohu.

There is no time to practice, and a hundred years in the blink of an eye.

Lin Long slowly opened his eyes in Kunpeng's palace.

"I have reached the ultimate level of Daluo, and the next thing I need to consider is the quasi-sage realm above Daluo."

"The method of beheading three corpses and making them holy that Hongjun researched is not suitable for me."

"Based on my footsteps, in fact, the most suitable practice should be the cultivation method of the Chaos Demon God."

"The Great Way of Creation can improve the realm of the primordial spirit, but it cannot improve the realm of the physical body."

"However, whether it is Hongjun or Luohu, it is absolutely impossible to tell me this kind of cultivation method."

Lin Long stood up slowly from the futon, his eyes flashed, as if he had seen the outside world through the palace.

"It seems that it is useless to continue to retreat. Go around and see if you can find an opportunity."

"Before those two old guys have a decisive battle, I must improve my strength!"

Although he was in a hurry, Lin Long didn't get annoyed by it.

The more this time, the more you need to calm your mind.

Lin Long's figure flickered, and the next moment he appeared in the main hall of Kunpeng Palace.

Kunpeng, who was sitting on the main seat and was resting his mind with his eyes closed, felt annoyed that someone had directly broken into his hall, so he opened his eyes.

But after realizing that it was Lin Long, his body trembled and he almost knelt on the ground.

Kunpeng hurriedly bowed and saluted, his words were full of respect: "Master, you have left the customs."

After Lin Long nodded, he waved his hand casually, and a breath lifted Kunpeng up.

Although the breath was soft, the power revealed by it was irresistible to Kunpeng.

Kunpeng understood that Lin Long's cultivation had improved again.

In addition to being horrified in his heart, he did not forget to flatter Lin Long: "Congratulations, master, for improving your cultivation."

"What happened to Sanxian Island these years?"

Before retreating himself, Lin Long asked Kunpeng to pay special attention to the movement of the three tribes in Sanxian Island.

With the Dao contract in his body, Lin Long still believed in Kunpeng.

"My lord, there hasn't been any disturbance from the three clans in the past hundred years."

"Except for a few Dragon Clan and Phoenix Clan who were deprived of their blood and expelled from Sanxian Island for disobeying your decree, there have been very few conflicts among the three clans."

Kunpeng said truthfully.

"There are still some guys who can't hold back their temper."

Lin Long was not surprised by the clansmen who were expelled by the three clans.

As for the guys who were expelled, Lin Long didn't plan to pay attention to them, let alone kill them all.

The three clans have already dealt with it themselves, and it doesn't make sense to deal with it again.

Sooner or later, the order on Sanxian Island must be maintained by the three tribes themselves, and I don't have time to deal with their conflicts all day long.

"You've done a good job, just keep watching. If there's nothing serious, don't bother with them. Let them handle everything by themselves."

"By the way, restrain the water tribe under your command. Before long, something big will happen in Honghuang, so don't get involved in trouble."

"I have to go out again. If you have nothing important, don't look for me."

After Lin Long finished speaking, without waiting for Kunpeng to reply, his figure turned into a streamer and disappeared in the palace in the blink of an eye.

The speed was so fast that Kunpeng, a monk who was about to consummate the Da Luo Jinxian, didn't even have the time to react.

"Hiss~"

After a while, Kunpeng gasped.

"Is this really the perfect state of Daluo Jinxian?"


		