

Lin Long's body and Taoist Mosquito's avatar entered a state of epiphany at the same time because of the supernatural power reshaped by the Dao.

At first, all the ancestral witches were still down there waiting for Lin Long, the mosquito Taoist avatar, to wake up, but time passed, and Lin Long had no intention of waking up, so all the ancestral witches couldn't help looking at Dijiang.

Dijiang looked at Houtu again.

"Little sister, we are not familiar with the witch god, do you know what the witch god's temper is like?"

After thinking about it, Houtu shook his head.

"Brother, in fact, I was also the Lord Sorcerer God who happened to meet outside, and I don't know much about the Lord Sorcerer God.

However, Lord Sorcerer God is not a temperamental person. By the way, he also has a little apprentice with him, who seems to be a demon clan, but it doesn't look like it. "

"I think Lord Shaman God has entered a state of epiphany at the moment, we'd better not disturb him."

Houtu said truthfully.

After hearing this, all the ancestral witches in Dijiang nodded.

"Okay, then let's not bother Lord Sorcerer God, and let Lord Sorcerer God stay in the Pangu Hall for the time being."

"From today onwards, apart from us, even the great witches are not allowed to enter the Pangu Hall until the Lord Witch God wakes up!"

"As for the little disciple of the demon clan of the lord witch god."

"Just let him live in the Wu Clan for now."

After arranging these things, a group of ancestral witches couldn't bear it and came to Houtu's side.

"Little sister, tell me quickly, how did Lord Wu Shen help you improve your cultivation level before!"

"That's right, little girl, let me tell you, now the friction between us and the Yaozu is getting worse and worse. Those guys have spirit treasures in their hands, which is really annoying. If I break through to the late stage of Da Luo Jinxian, I must teach you a lesson. Teach these monsters a lesson!"

The strength of the Witch Clan and the Monster Clan has always been equal, and no one can do anything to the other.

The sudden increase in Houtu's strength gave a group of ancestral witches an opportunity.

Hou Tu hesitated a little, thought for a while, and said.

"Actually, I can't tell you exactly how to help me improve my cultivation, but I can feel that Lord Wushen had a magical power along the center of my eyebrows and penetrated into my limbs and bones. At that time, I felt a kind of harmony. I am waiting for the power of the same source, as if it complements my heel!"

"Actually, not only has my realm improved this time, but my aptitude has also improved a lot."

"I just kept winking at you, big brother, but you still spoke rudely to Lord Wushen. Now, I can't say whether there is a chance for this."

Hou Tu looked helpless, and looked at Di Jiang with some reproach.

Di Jiang Zhurong and the other ancestral witches who had opposed Lin Long's entry into the Pangu Palace before were all scratching their heads in embarrassment at the moment.

"Little sister, didn't we know about it before? Don't miss the opportunity. You and Lord Wushen have known each other for a long time. You can help the big brothers to say a few more good words."

A group of burly men surrounded Houtu with pleading faces, and the scene was indescribably weird.

Houtu couldn't shirk it, so he could only nod his head and said, "Okay, but I have to make it clear in advance that Lord Wushen has his own plans. I can only explain to him that you didn't do it on purpose. As for what Lord Wushen will do later, that's not up to me. Intervention."

"Yes, yes, little sister, we all understand this."

Zhu Rong looked excited.

Obtaining the promise, a group of ancestral witches walked out of the Pangu Hall excitedly.

After everyone's discussion, only Houtu was left in the Pangu Hall to take care of Lin Long.

The reason is very simple. Hou Tu and Lin Long knew each other the first time. In order not to affect Lin Long's epiphany, they could only stay in the Pangu Hall.

Others couldn't get in, so the heavy responsibility of taking care of Lin Long could only fall on Houtu's shoulders.

Time passed little by little.

In a blink of an eye, it was another hundred years.

During this period, because Lin Long had been sitting in the Pangu Hall, and the twelve ancestor witches were guarding around and did not go out, the friction between the witch clan and the monster clan was much smaller.

Outside the Pangu Hall.

"Brother, what do you think this lord Wushen enlightened to? It took a hundred years at once. When you and I enlightened, didn't it take a year or a half?"

It was Zhu Rong who spoke, and it happened to be his turn to guard outside the Pangu Hall for the past two years.

As for Di Jiang, because he had nothing to do, he asked Zhu Rong to drink with him.

Hearing Zhu Rong's words, Di Jiang shook his head: "What do you know, Mr. Wu Shen is something we can speculate and compare."

"You usually don't care about it, you only know how to fight. I have talked with that little apprentice of Lord Sorcerer God. Our Lord Sorcerer God has a lot of history!"

"It is not an exaggeration to say that it is the top of the prehistoric world."

"He is also one of the most powerful people in the prehistoric world! It is not a normal thing to have an epiphany for a hundred years."

Di Jiang took it for granted.

Zhu Rong on the side seemed to understand, and didn't know what to say to Di Jiang, which made the monologue Di Jiang very embarrassed.

"Huh! As an ancestor witch, you don't pay attention to the important affairs of the clan! After waiting for the Lord Wushen this time! Go to the back mountain to retreat for a hundred years! Grind your temper!"

"what?"

Zhu Rong, who was drinking, spit it all out in one gulp!

"Brother, it shouldn't be like this. I usually have two hobbies, drinking and fighting. If you ask me to go to the back mountain to retreat for a hundred years, you might as well kill me!"

Di Jiang glanced at Zhu Rong.

"Now that the Lord Sorcerer God has come to our Wu Clan, our Wu Clan can no longer be as unruly as in the past! Especially when I wait for the ancestor witches, I can't make the Lord Sorcerer God dissatisfied!"

"Could it be that you want to let Lord Wu Shen stay away from me because of a special person?"

Zhu Rong was speechless after Dijiang's two sentences.

"This this……"

"What is this?"

Just when the two ancestral witches were still bickering.

Suddenly, there was a throbbing in the Pangu Great Hall!

The next moment, a divine light shot up into the sky!

The world is shaking!

The coercion spread, even the ancestor witches of the Wu clan were crushed to their knees on the ground, unable to move.

At this moment, the coercion came to an abrupt end!

The terrifying breath came and went quickly.

Even the witches on the periphery of the witch clan didn't even feel it.

"My lord Sorcerer God is about to leave the customs. Quickly, call all brothers and go to meet the Sorcerer God!"

Zhu Rong didn't dare to neglect Di Jiang's order.

In fact, he didn't need to summon them. After all the ancestor witches sensed the movement here, they all rushed over.

In the main hall, Lin Long's Mosquito Taoist avatar had a smile on his face.

"Hehe, Hongjun, it seems that it is not so easy for you to get rid of me."

"Just now, with this opportunity, Lin Long's body successfully reached the realm of Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian!"

The vision of the Dragon God Realm is blocked by the Chaos Orb, so Lin Long doesn't have to worry about it.

But he didn't want to break through his own realm, and even Daoist Mosquito's cultivation base has improved a lot.

Although he has not yet reached the quasi-sage realm, but he is said to be the first person to complete the Da Luo Consummation, and he definitely has this qualification.

creak!

The door of Pan Gu Hall was pushed open.

A group of ancestor witches all came in and knelt down in front of Lin Long.

"I'm waiting to welcome Lord Sorcerer God to leave the customs!"


		