

Hongjun and Luohu share the same body now, so there is no need to worry about other people knowing through sound transmission.

"Luo Hu, now you and I are not as good as Lin Long, if we join forces with Lin Long again, the benefits may not belong to you and me."

"Are you willing to live with others in the future?"

Hongjun didn't believe that Luo Hu was the kind of character who was willing to be subordinate to others.

If this was the case, the two of them would not have had to fight to the death.

"Hongjun, you still don't understand that this guy can no longer be viewed with the same eyes as ordinary prehistoric creatures."

"Who do you think will win today, Lin Long or the Chaos Demon God?"

Hongjun pondered.

"The blood demon god can be regarded as the upper demon god among the three thousand demon gods, but in the first battle, the blood demon god was severely damaged. It looks strong now, but it will soon decline."

Hongjun's intention is obvious, this battle is still more optimistic about Lin Long.

Luo Hu asked again: "Then do you think Lin Long can pry out the secrets about the origin of heaven and chaos from the mouth of this Chaos Demon God?"

Hongjun was silent.

He himself was originally a Chaos Demon God, and he could more or less guess what kind of virtue these Chaos Demon Gods are.

Chaos Demon God likes to fight, and is not afraid of life and death.

If it is only a threat of life and death, it is mostly futile, but if the opponent is completely defeated, there is still a high possibility that the opponent can be subdued.

Among the three thousand Chaos Demon Gods, there are also hierarchical leaders.

The prehistoric creatures didn't know these things, and they always thought that the three thousand Chaos Demon Gods were a single entity.

But in fact, apart from Pangu, most Chaos Demon Gods have their own power affiliation.

Moreover, the vitality of the Chaos Demon God is tenacious. No matter how powerful Pangu was at the beginning, if he wanted to kill all the Chaos Demon Gods, he would inevitably miss a few.

There are always some Chaos Demon Gods who have some special means to escape death, or to be resurrected.

Just like the Blood Demon God right now.

"Let's talk about everything when he comes back. If he really can win, you can tell him something."

Hongjun made a decision in his heart.

Outside the prehistoric world, the fight between Lin Long and the Blood Demon God didn't stop for a moment.

The sea of ​​blood seemed endless, within it, countless mysterious creatures in the sea of ​​blood struggled out of it, and rushed towards Lin Long, as if they wanted to pull Lin Long into the sea of ​​blood.

And these monsters should be other methods of the blood demon god, so they can't be affected by the law of devouring.

Lin Long was a little surprised.

But this little trick couldn't stop Lin Long.

I saw Lin Long grasping it casually, and the space was firmly held by Lin Long.

After refining his thoughts at will, a blade of space appeared in his hand.

The space long sword in his hand seemed unreal, but the piercing sword intent crushed the monsters that emerged from the sea of ​​blood around him.

Seeing this situation, the blood demon god showed a trace of surprise in his eyes.

"I didn't expect you to master the two rules of space and kendo, but I underestimated you."

"But if you want to use this to fight against my sea of ​​blood, you are probably dreaming."

The voice fell, and the sea of ​​blood expanded further.

The monsters in the sea of ​​blood became more violent.

In Lin Long's hand, the sharp sword transformed into space lightly swayed, and the sword intent traversed hundreds of millions of miles.

Tens of thousands of blood sea monsters were all reduced to powder with a single strike, completely wiped out.

Immediately, Lin Long threw the long sword in his hand!

The sword of space turned into a stream of light, and the sword intent was connected with the air of chaos, hovering over the sea of ​​blood.

In an instant, the sword intent dissipated, and the sharp sword seemed to be hanging not in the sky, but in each monster's heart.

The sword intent rose, and the monsters in the blood sea stopped restless.

The monster with shallow intelligence had a rare look of fear on its face at this moment.

"cut!"

Lin Long let out a low voice, and the long sword smashed down with the air of boundless chaos.

Before the sword body arrived, many monsters in the sea of ​​blood could no longer bear the pressure of the sword intent, and their figures burst, turning into streaks of blood and returning to the sea of ​​blood again.

The monstrous sword intent fell, and the sea of ​​blood split into two.

Even the Blood Demon God was too startled by this sword to react for a while.

Lin Long took the opportunity to bully him.

In an instant, a dragon body of billions of feet appeared, which was even worse than that of the Chaos Demon God.

The dragon claw stretched out, and the law of force condensed in the palm of the hand.

"Roar!"

The Chaos Demon God uttered a scream in pain.

Taking a closer look, the Chaos Demon God, who was strong before, was weak at this moment, and it was obvious that he had been severely injured.

Only then did Lin Long let go of his hand and looked at the Chaos Demon God.

With a wave of his hand, the law of space turned into a prison, trapping the Chaos Demon God in it.

At the same time, Lin Long used the law of strength to seal the Dao Seed of the blood demon god, and the blood demon god completely lost the power to resist.

"Now, let's talk about the problem just now."

Lin Long changed back into human form again, and walked in front of the Blood Demon God.

"I didn't expect that Honghuang would have such a freak as you."

"You master the law of strength, I won't be wronged if I lose to you."

The Blood Demon God was defeated, but he was not angry, on the contrary, he seemed very calm.

It seemed that he was not worried about his death in Lin Long's hands.

Lin Long didn't care about this.

What he wants to know most now is the matter of the origin of the Dao of Heaven that the Chaos Demon God said just now.

I always feel that there should be a big secret hidden behind this, but I don't know it.

"Now, we should discuss what you want in the future."

"Follow me, I will spare you from dying."

The Blood Demon God looked at Lin Long and suddenly smiled.

"Yes, I will follow you."

Without any hesitation, the Blood Demon God replied, expressing his willingness to follow Lin Long.

This made Lin Long somewhat suspicious.

This guy doesn't have any plans.

"You agreed so easily?"

In the space cage, the huge demon god's body kept shrinking.

A moment later, in front of Lin Long, the Blood Demon God turned into a woman.

Red shawl with long hair, exquisite figure, beautiful appearance and those bright red lips.

It made Lin Long suspect for a while that this guy played a trick on him.

The most important thing is that this demon god has just incarnated, and he doesn't even have a wisp on his body!

However, Lin Long has gone through tens of thousands of years of practice, so he is not at the mercy of such a little temptation.

No matter how this demon god changes, it is just an incarnation, as if he is himself, no matter how incarnate he is, he is actually in the shape of a dragon.

As the Blood Demon God shrinks, the space cage also shrinks.

The Blood Demon God didn't care either, he looked at his body, seemed satisfied, and then said unhurriedly.

"I can follow you, and I don't have any requirements. After all, I don't want to die right now. I'm a little curious about what kind of decision you can make in the face of the catastrophe that will follow."

The Blood Demon God had a playful smile on his face, as if he had seen something interesting.

Lin Long's curiosity was completely aroused.


		