

Under the leadership of Nuwa, a group of people arrived at Buzhou Mountain very quickly.

Compared with before, Buzhou Mountain seems a bit deserted today.

"Brother Lin, you haven't been here these years. My brother and I are in the Heavenly Court, and the other is traveling in the wilderness. Buzhou Mountain is a bit deserted."

Nuwa opened the restriction and welcomed everyone in, while Lin Long smiled and said, "Hehe, let's go in."

A group of people looked at the scenery of Buzhou Mountain, but after a while, Nu Wa brought out Lingguo Lingcha to entertain everyone.

After exchanging a few words of pleasantries, Lin Long said: "Everyone, we are all acquaintances. Today, Mr. Lin brought a few disciples, but he came empty-handed. It is not appropriate to think about it. I have one here, pass it on. Disciple, at the same time, all of you are listening together, hoping to help some of you.”

After finishing speaking, he looked at Liu Er Macaque again, stroked Liu Er's small head and said: "Liu Er, especially you, your brothers and sisters have all heard preaching for teachers, and now I'm sending you."

With his powerful preaching, everyone immediately sat upright, and Liu Er nodded repeatedly: "Yes, master, don't worry, the disciple will listen carefully!"

On the way here, the six-eared macaque was already familiar with Zhao Gongming and Sanxiao, and Sanxiao and Zhao Gongming also liked the six-eared macaque as a junior.

"The way I teach is the Dragon God Way, which I deduced based on the orthodox Dao practice method combined with the current prehistoric way of heaven."

"This method does not belong to the way of heaven, but it has a chance to step into the great way and prove the Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian."

Lin Long introduced to several people.

Hearing this, Nuwa, Fuxi, Zhenyuanzi, and Hongyun all became short of breath.

This is a great fortune!

A family's orthodoxy and practice methods must be covered up everywhere, but Lin Long was willing to let his people listen to it!

And according to Lin Long's words, this technique is comparable to Hongjun Daozu's technique, and even stronger.

... After all, in order to pretend to be mysterious, Hongjun only said that the second sermon was about the way of the quasi-sage, but he didn't talk about the things after the quasi-sage.

Lin Long lightly comforted the agitated people, and then sat down at the stone table, imposed restrictions, spoke eloquently, and began to preach.

In an instant, the mist of heaven and earth was misty, and all kinds of visions surrounded him.

The few people on the side were fascinated by it!

In the blink of an eye, it is another thousand years.

Nuwa and the others were immersed in Lin Long's Dao rhyme, unwilling to wake up for a long time.

It was not until Lin Long finished his sermon, and after a long time, several people slowly opened their eyes.

"Friend Lin Long, your method is amazing!"

Opening his eyes, Zhen Yuanzi's first words were to describe the horror in his heart!

"Brother Lin, you have this way, so why let Na Hongjun preach? If you ask me, you are the most suitable position for the Taoist ancestor!"

The speaking Nuwa, this little girl has always been Lin Long's little fan girl.

The key is that Fuxi and Hongyun on the side agree with what Zhenyuanzi and Nuwa said.

After all, everyone has heard Hongjun's preaching, and now comparing the two, Lin Long's Taoism is really amazing, not weaker than Hongjun's Taoism.

Lin Long just smiled.

"I had an agreement with Daozu Hongjun that I could not stop him from preaching to the Great Desolation, and I must not preach in the Great Desolation."

After he finished speaking, Nuwa immediately became displeased: "What? What's the matter? This Hongjun is too domineering! Brother Lin, why can't you spread the Tao that you have enlightened yourself in the prehistoric world!"

Fuxi looked at his little sister, Nuwa, and couldn't help but feel deeply moved.

My younger sister is completely unreasonable on Lin Long's side. You must know that since Lin Long has made such a decision, he must have his own reasons.

...In the final analysis, Fuxi is also completely on Lin Long's side, but he can make up his mind.

"Hehe, well, don't complain for me, it's just a deal between me and Hongjun. I have no intention of preaching to Honghuang. My path of cultivation is different from Hongjun's."

"I'm passing on this practice method to you today to give you more choices. Next time I preach, Hongjun will explain his method of beheading three corpses and becoming holy. When the time comes, there are two choices, and you can decide on your own." .”

Although Lin Long has the method of beheading three corpses to prove the Tao, this is the Tao that Hongjun wants to pass on, and he cannot pass it on to a few people.

This rule still has to be followed.

Zhenyuanzi Hongyun aside, Nuwa Fuxi is a saint in the future, and the other is the emperor of heaven, both of whom have great karma, and if he wants to become the teacher of the two, Hongjun will definitely find Desperate myself.

Although I always troubled Hongjun before, there were some bottom lines, and there was a tacit understanding between Lin Long and Hongjun, so they couldn't touch them.

For example, Hongjun couldn't take advantage of the Dragon God Realm either.

Nuwa and the others seemed to understand but still nodded.


I lived in Buzhou Mountain for a while.

Whenever he had time, Lin Long would give a sermon to a few people, and the cultivation level of the few people was also improving rapidly.

However, for thousands of years, the cultivation bases of Fuxi brothers and sisters, Zhenyuanzi Hongyun and others have all reached the peak of Daluo Jinxian's consummation!

This is definitely top-notch strength in today's prehistoric times.

Except for those few people, no one will be their opponents.

As for Sanxiao Zhao Gongming and the six-eared macaque.

The cultivation bases of San Xiao and Zhao Gongming were about to break through to the middle stage of Da Luo Jinxian at any time. In order to have a solid foundation for them, Lin Long deliberately asked them to suppress their cultivation bases, and then make breakthroughs after the foundations were completely solid.

And the six-eared macaque successfully broke through to Da Luo Jinxian a hundred years ago.

This guy is worthy of being the heel of one of the four great spirit monkeys. In terms of heel alone, he is stronger than San Xiao and Zhao Gongming.

Although it was only the beginning of Da Luo Jinxian, his strength was not much weaker than that of Zhao Gongming and San Xiao, which made Lin Long very satisfied.

"I don't know what it will be like if the six-eared macaque meets the Monkey King again in Journey to the West."

Journey to the West to measure the calamity, Sun Wukong's cultivation base can be as high as the Taiyi Golden Immortal.

At that time, Da Luo was already a great power to dominate one side.

It is still very early before Journey to the West, and by then, if the six-eared macaque can't cultivate into the Hunyuan Golden Immortal, that is, the quasi-sage, Lin Long thinks, just find him a piece of tofu and kill him.

"Okay, that's the end of today's sermon. I've been out for a long time. I'm going to return to Dragon God Realm later."

"I've already made an agreement with Hongjun that I can't participate in the second Zixiao Palace lecture, and neither can my disciples, so I won't stay here to join in the fun."

As soon as he said this, Nu Wa immediately became upset: "What? Brother Lin, are you leaving?"

When he spoke, his eyes were full of reluctance, without any concealment.

"Well, we are indeed leaving."

"Remember what I said before, be careful with Hongjun, and think twice before acting when you are in doubt."

"Don't be accidentally tainted with cause and effect by calculation."

That's all Lin Long could say.

After this sermon, Lin Long found that Hongjun was calm on the surface, but in fact, his hostility towards him was getting stronger and stronger.

Afterwards, Lin Long looked at the six-eared macaque again: "Don't go back to the Wu Clan, I will explain the situation to the Wu Clan later."

"You have joined as a teacher and haven't been to the Dragon God Realm yet, so I will take you back this time."

The six-eared macaque jumped three feet high: "Really! Master! Can I go to the Dragon God Realm?"

For so many years in the prehistoric world, the Dragon God Realm is the holy place in the heart in the eyes of the six-eared macaque.

I have always wanted to find a chance to see it, and now I can finally get my wish.


		