

Looking at the white-haired and red-robed old man in front of him, Lin Long was stunned for a moment.

He didn't expect such a remote spiritual root to have an owner.

Why haven't I heard of this person?

Moreover, judging by the appearance of this person's attire, he is a bit similar to the god of heaven in the later generations, Yue Lao.

But it's still the period of Lich's Tribulation, and it hasn't completely started yet, Yue Lao has already appeared?

But after thinking about it carefully, Lin Long suddenly discovered that Yuelao, the God of Heaven in the later generations, was really mysterious. From the beginning to the end, no one knew about that Yuelao's heel, and marriage seems to be a trivial matter for immortals, but this The means used behind it are not simple at all.

Lin Long's law of cause and effect has been perfected, and the more perfect he is, the more he understands that this kind of method of fiddle with marriage at will can only be achieved with great achievements in the law of cause and effect.

Naturally, it can be done with Lin Long's cultivation, but it is too troublesome, far less simple than finding a marriage tree.

If this old man is really the old man in the future, then his attainments in the law of cause and effect can definitely be regarded as top-notch.

"May I ask who this fellow Taoist is?"

Lin Long thought he was a polite person, since the old man had already got the marriage tree, he didn't want to snatch it.

The main reason is that this marriage tree is in charge of marriages in the world, and he doesn't want to be entangled in all kinds of romantic incidents in the wild every day in the future.

So, find the marriage tree and break off a branch.

The old man hurriedly returned the gift and said: "Little old man doesn't have a Taoist name, but the friends who are close to me all call me Old Man Yuexia, this fellow Taoist can call me Old Man Yue."

"It really is him, this month's age is low-key enough."

Lin Long sized Yuelao up and down, never expecting that there would be such a person hidden in the Heavenly Court of later generations.

With Lin Long's eyesight, he can naturally see that this old man is already a Da Luo Jinxian cultivation base, and he is not a first-time Da Luo Jinxian, but a Da Luo Jinxian late stage!

Although it has not reached the consummation of Daluo, it is still the first-class strength of Honghuang today.

Think about the grandson monkey in the period of Journey to the West in the later generations. It is not bad to have a Taiyi Golden Immortal if his cultivation base is at the top of the sky. Acting school.

But these are not things that Lin Long should care about.

At this moment, Lin Long looked at the old man Yuexia in front of him with a smile on his face.

"Fellow Daoist, don't be nervous, I won't do anything to snatch it."

"I thought this marriage tree was an ownerless thing. Since there is an owner, then forget it."

"It's just that I still want to ask for a branch from the Marriage Tree. I don't know if it's convenient for you?"

First, he doesn't want to refine the Marriage Tree and be in charge of some rotten affairs in the future.

Second, those with advanced cultivation bases tend to cherish their own reputation more. On the contrary, those monks with poor cultivation bases prefer to do things that snatch other people's treasures in order to climb up.

Of course, there are exceptions to everything. For example, the two in the West, even if they reached the realm of saints, they still couldn’t change their habit of taking advantage of small things. This is the root cause and cannot be easily changed.

Hearing Lin Long's words, Yue Lao frowned slightly, thinking in his heart.

He had been observing the cultivation of the person in front of him just now, but no matter how hard he tried, he just couldn't see through it.

He didn't tell Lin Long the truth about some things.

It is not wrong to say that the marriage tree is a thing with an owner, but it is not entirely true.

Because he was born from the marriage tree, it can be said that the marriage tree is his body.

Breaking a branch would affect him more or less, not to mention that I don't know the person in front of me well, so why would I need a branch for myself?

But then again, who knows if this person in front of him can really afford to offend him?

So, he is hesitating.

If you agree, you will hurt yourself. If you don't agree, then if the other party is a powerful person, once you get angry, it's not just as simple as breaking a branch.

After thinking up to this point, Yue Lao carefully asked: "I don't know what to call you?"

Lin Long smiled faintly. It seemed that the old man didn't know him this month. Of course he could see that the marriage tree was the old man's body. Been to Zixiao Palace.

As for the last time I fought Hongjun, it was in the void, and it was far away from here, so it's normal that Yue Lao couldn't see it.

"All living beings in the prehistoric world call me the Cyanwood Dragon God, and it doesn't matter if Fellow Daoist Yuelao calls me Linlong."

Lin Long said.

However, Yue Lao immediately widened his eyes.

"Aoki Dragon God? Are you the Aoki Dragon God?"

Although he had never met Lin Long, the name of Lin Long Qingmu Dragon God was too resounding in the whole prehistoric world.

Besides, he also knew a few friends who went to Zixiao Palace to listen to sermons, so he naturally heard his friends mention the matter in Zixiao Palace.

This Cyanwood Dragon God is truly powerful!

Of course, he was not intimidated by the name.

After all, I haven't seen Lin Long before, so who knows if it's a fake?

"I don't know what evidence you have to prove that you are Aoki Dragon God?"

Qingmu Dragon God's reputation is too great, and Daozu is an equal figure, under normal circumstances, no one will impersonate, but now this person wants to break the marriage tree branch, who knows if he will impersonate?

Besides, if it was really Qingmu Dragon God, would he still talk to him so nicely?

Lin Long didn't blame him either, he smiled lightly, and the next moment, several perfect avenues suddenly appeared behind him!

Time, space, cause and effect, five elements, devouring, creation, wind and thunder, swordsmanship...

Without exception, all reached the realm of perfection.

Yuelao staggered two steps, he had heard before that the Aoki Dragon God holds several great avenues.

Now it seems that it is so.

It is not easy for the monk Honghuang to practice one way to perfection.

Only the Cyanwood Dragon God can cultivate so many ways to perfection.

Besides, if one can cultivate so many perfect Dao laws, there is no need to pretend to be the Cyanwood Dragon God.

thump!

Yuelao knelt down in front of Lin Long, with an excited expression: "Junior Yuelao has seen the Cyanwood Dragon God!"

Without waiting for Lin Long's reaction, Yuelao waved his hand and chopped off a large branch from the Marriage Tree.

The action was so decisive that Lin Long didn't react when he saw it.

Good guy, the contrast between before and after is too great.

However, Lin Long also noticed that after Yuelao cut off this section of branch, his aura was visibly sluggish.

He can understand it. After all, Yuelao's body is the marriage tree. Cutting off a branch is like cutting off a finger of Yuelao. Although it is not big, it must be very painful. of.

But Yuelao is so decisive this year, and his breath is weak, but he wants to give himself such a large branch, so he must ask for something.

"Get up first, stand up and talk about something."

Yuelao hesitated, but finally stood up.

Lin Long asked, "Are you asking for something?"

Yuelao hesitated for a moment, then cupped his hands and said: "Master Dragon God has a clear mind, this junior dare not hide it, I heard from my friends that Lord Dragon God has some powers of transformation, this junior wants to ask Lord Dragon God to help me escape from this place with the Dao of Karma. "

"No wonder you are so generous."

Lin Long opened his mouth and said, he knows that this marriage tree can stir the marriage, and he is born to master the law of cause and effect. If he can use his own way of cause and effect to enlighten him, his foundation will definitely be improved to a higher level.

It is not impossible to even jump into the list of the top ten innate spiritual roots!

This is already a top heel in the prehistoric world.

Yuelao's eyes were full of anticipation.

However, Lin Long smiled and did not directly agree: "I can't enlighten you."

Hearing this, Yuelao's eyes suddenly showed disappointment.

There is only one person who can achieve perfection in the Dao of Karma in the prehistoric world, and who can enlighten him at the same time.

But now the other party still refuses.

Although disappointed in his heart, Yuelao didn't dare to blame Lin Long, but just accepted the fact silently.

However, at this moment, Lin Long said again: "However, the Dragon God Realm has the effect of nourishing spiritual roots. If you are willing, you can join the Dragon God Realm. I allow you to go to the Dragon God Realm to nourish your feet. It is not impossible to transform into the best innate spiritual root."


		