

After sending away the combination of Hong Jun and Luo Hu, Lin Long held back the smile in his heart, and the corner of his mouth curled up.

"It seems that without the support of the power of heaven, Hongjun's deduction ability is greatly reduced!"

Hongjun failed to deduce the deal just now, so he earned it with his own blood!

Originally, I was thinking about how to calculate Hongjun, so that both Sanqing and Jieyin Zhunti could be promoted to the level of saints, and they would not be able to participate in the next chess game.

But I didn't expect that Hongjun would come to the door on his own initiative, and he was bleeding!

It is enough to prove that Hongjun's deduction ability has been greatly discounted.

The Kongtong seal can help the entire human race improve a lot of strength!

The human race is a force under his command, and their strength has improved, so he can occupy greater and more advantages in the next chess game.

This time, under Hongjun's promotion, he can be said to have made a lot of money!

Na Hongjun never imagined that he himself cheated himself invisibly!

I don't know what kind of expression Hongjun will have when he knows that he has spent the price of Kongtong seal to destroy some of his most powerful chess pieces.

Watching Hongjun leave, the deal between Lin Long and Hongjun has been concluded, and the next step is naturally to arrange his own chessboard.

"Nuwa, come quickly to the Dragon Temple!"

Lin Long directly transmitted the voice to Nuwa, and now Nuwa wants to enter the Dragon God Realm naturally without any hindrance. After receiving Lin Long's voice transmission, she rushed over immediately.

"Brother Lin, why is it so urgent?"

As soon as Nuwa stepped into the Dragon Temple, she asked.

While Lin Long was waving his hands, a futon appeared, signaling Nuwa to sit down, and then said, "Just now Hongjun came, and I made a deal with him."

"What? Hongjun?"

A look of disgust flashed in Nuwa's eyes, and she casually sat down on the futon: "What deal? Is there anything I can do?"

"Actually, it's not a big deal. He wants Sanqing and Jieyin Zhunti to use the human race to prove the way, but because the human race was created by you and me, he must get our consent. He came to me, and I agreed. It's so simple .”

Lin Long said, "Of course, he paid the price."

"Um."

Nu Wa nodded, but did not ask what the price was.

Anyway, Lin Long is in charge of everything, she just needs to be obedient.

Afterwards, Lin Long told Nvwa about the deal he made with Hongjun in detail, and Nvwa nodded, saying that when Sanqing and Jieyin Zhunti used the human race to prove their way, it would be fine if they did not stop them.

However, if they want to obtain the luck of the human race because of this, that is another matter.

It is for the sake of Kongtong Yin that these people can be sanctified. Otherwise, with the previous disrespectful attitude of these guys towards Brother Lin, these guys have been stuck on the matter of not being able to become holy. Wa can do it!

In the Dragon Temple.

Lin Long then called Houtu, Sanxiao, Zhao Gongming, Six-Eared Macaque and Houyi.

"I asked you to inform Fuxi to come, did Fuxi respond?"

Looking at the scene, Lin Long looked at Nuwa without Fuxi.

Nuwa frowned slightly: "It should have arrived, presumably..."

Before finishing a sentence, outside the main hall, Fuxi's voice came from afar: "Brother Lin, sorry for being late."

"It's okay, take a seat."

Lin Long nodded, naturally he wouldn't be offended, and then he looked at everyone, and then said: "The main reason for calling you here this time is the matter of the human race."

"During the time of the human world, you must have known that the human race is the protagonist of heaven, and the position of the overlord of heaven and earth is prepared for the human race in the final analysis."

"However, even if it is destined and blessed by heaven, it is not easy for the human race to successfully rule the prehistoric world. The prehistoric will bring disasters and tribulations for the human race. If they pass through the past, the human race will be the overlord of heaven and earth, and it will be smooth sailing in the future!"

"But, if you can't make it through..."

Having said that, Lin Long paused for a moment.

The Nuwa was curious, because Lin Long's face was a little dignified at the moment, which showed that Lin Long attached great importance to this matter.

And the human race is a race created by Nuwa, and even she herself doesn't know what is so special about this race.

"Brother Lin, what will happen if you can't make it through?"

Hearing this question, Lin Long shook his head: "If you can't get over it, the catastrophe will always exist, the human race will continue to fall into the cycle of disasters, and there will be great changes in the world! "

"Furthermore, in this catastrophe of the human race, Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian and the saint must not intervene! Hongjun, I, and the demon ancestor Luohu can only play chess behind the scenes. It's time for you juniors to come on stage!"

Whether it was for dealing with Hongjun or for himself, Lin Long had no position to stand idly by the human race.

In this world, at least he is honored as the Holy Father by the human race, and before crossing over, he himself was also a human being.

It is impossible to ignore the human race.

And the next catastrophe was a catastrophe in which the human race was the protagonist. If Lin Long released all the forces under his command, it would not be appropriate.

For example, the three clans of the Dragon God Realm, and the second clan of the Lich, all obey Lin Long now.

If they are all released to help the human race, is this a human race or a honeymoon?

Furthermore, if these guys are released, they will definitely steal the limelight of the human race, which will inevitably backfire, and will instead plunge the human race into endless disaster.

Therefore, Lin Long only sent a few disciples under his command to go there for the time being.

Of course, once he finds out that something cannot be done, Lin Long will immediately release the forces under his command to save the human race!

Even when it came to a critical moment, even he himself would not stand idly by!

At Lin Long's level, everything becomes indifferent, if it is really dangerous, he will make a move!

And Zhao Gongming, San Xiao, Six Eared Macaque and Hou Yi in front of him are all Lin Long's disciples.

Both Zhao Gongming and Hou Yi have reached the early stage of the Hunyuan Golden Immortal, that is, the early stage of the Zhunsheng. The elder sister Yunxiao has already reached the consummation of the Daluo Golden Immortal, and only one step away is enough to enter the Hunyuan Golden Immortal.

Qiong Xiao and Bi Xiao are slightly worse, but they are also in the late stage of Da Luo Jinxian, exert their strength, and will soon be able to set foot on Da Luo Jinxian to complete.

As for the six-eared macaque, this little guy's cultivation is not as fast as his senior brothers and sisters. Now he is only in the middle stage of Daluo Jinxian, and he can be regarded as the existence of the tail of the crane among Lin Long's disciples.

But this little guy himself is following the path of cultivation like Lin Long, not only tempering his body, but also cultivating his soul.

His physical body has been cultivated extremely solidly, and he is not even giving way to Zhao Gongming and Houyi!

If it really explodes, I'm afraid even Yun Xiao may not be his opponent!

Apart from these few, Xuan Gui who was sent to hell to wait for reincarnation was also Lin Long's disciple, but this time he was reincarnated and could not participate in other capacities for the time being.

This time, Lin Long's disciples can be said to have come out in full force. On the one hand, they planned meritorious deeds, on the one hand, they restrained Hongjun's chess pieces, and on the other hand, they helped the human race.

After hearing Lin Long's order, these disciples were all gearing up, with excited expressions on their faces.

After all, they stayed by Lin Long's side and practiced with Lin Long all the time, but they never had anything to relieve Lin Long's worries. Now that it was finally time to make a move, they were all naturally excited.

"Master, don't worry, the disciples and others will share the worries with the master!"

Zhao Gongming, the senior brother, took the lead and led his juniors and sisters to bow to Lin Long.

Lin Long nodded, and then looked at Fuxi: "Fuxi, the reason why I called you here today is because I have another very important matter to discuss with you. You can do it or not, it's up to you , I don't force it."

Seeing the rare serious expression on Lin Long's face, Fu Xi was also startled: "Brother Lin, what is it, can I hear it first?"

"certainly."

Lin Long nodded, and said: "This time, the three emperors and five emperors of the human race will be born one after another. In order to prevent Hongjun and Luo Hu from doing it secretly, there must be a few high-level people in the human race that we can trust! Although you have cultivated You have learned the method of beheading the three corpses to prove the Tao, but you don't have the chance to be a saint. If you are willing to reincarnate and use the power of humanity, you can become a saint of humanity. Pass on the Dragon God to you."

Long Shendao, to put it bluntly, is actually a way of proving the way with laws.

Lin Long and Fuxi Nuwa are very familiar with each other, and Nuwa is very helpful to him in everything, so if Fuxi doesn't want to be reincarnated into the human race, Lin Long can't force him.

Everything is voluntary by Fuxi.

Nuwa only knew about this at this time, but she didn't blame Lin Long for not telling her in advance, she just looked at Fuxi with worry in her eyes.

Because she understands that Brother Lin has a reason for everything he does.

Fuxi also bowed his head seriously, thinking about the feasibility of this matter. After a while, Fuxi raised his head: "Brother Lin, I would like to reincarnate and rebuild!"

I have to say that Fuxi is also a real man who can afford to let go!

In the original prehistoric world, Fuxi fell because of a decisive battle with the Lich, and finally left behind a ray of true spirit, who had to be sent into reincarnation by Nuwa.

But now, he is willing to take the initiative to reincarnate and rebuild!

You know, he is now a quasi-sage, and he has to shake his feet in the whole prehistoric prehistoric desolation.

But he was able to make a decision to reincarnate and rebuild, I have to say, he is a man!

Seeing that Fuxi agreed, Lin Long also nodded.

Now Fuxi's cultivation base is already in the middle stage of the quasi-sage, and then it is the late stage of the quasi-sage, and then it is the consummation.

But at this point, Fuxi's path may have come to an end.

Even if he gave up cutting the three corpses and re-practiced the Dragon God Way, but because of his limited foothold, it would be extremely difficult to break through the quasi-sage and become a saint.

Reincarnated and rebuilt to give it a go, turning a bicycle into a motorcycle, maybe you can reach the height of a human saint!

And most importantly, Lin Long knew that part of the reason for Fuxi was for himself!

I am playing with Hongjun, Fuxi wants to help!

"Good brother, I will let Nuwa and Houtu send you to reincarnation together later. This is my understanding of the way of cause and effect. I will temporarily seal it in your true spirit. When the true spirit awakens, combine these Comprehension can help you go further!"

With just a few snaps of his fingers, Lin Long merged a ball of his own perception into Fuxi's true spirit.

That Fuxi was immediately overjoyed, Lin Long's cause and effect was naturally clear to him, and he was many times stronger than himself.

With Lin Long's comprehension of the way of cause and effect, his confidence in recultivation and sanctification is a little bit greater!

"Thank you Brother Lin, Fuxi will live up to Brother Lin's expectations!"

Lin Long nodded slightly, and then told everyone what was going to happen to the human race, and then nodded in satisfaction.

Looking in the direction of Chaos Zixiao Palace, Lin Long smiled.

Hongjun, Luohu, the chessboard is set, please play chess!


		