

Lin Long restrained his aura, then straightened his Taoist robe, cupped his hands and said, "You two fellow Taoists, I've been disturbing you here for a long time, now it's time to go."

Hearing this, Zhen Yuanzi and Hong Yun couldn't help being stunned for a moment: "Leave? Fellow Daoist Lin Long, you're doing well here, why do you want to leave suddenly?"

Although at the beginning, they really wanted to let Lin Long leave as soon as possible, so as not to get into trouble with the Dragon Clan.

However, after more than a hundred years of contact, they also understood that Lin Long was different from other dragons, and they even gradually got used to Lin Long staying at Wuzhuang Temple, where the three of them drank tea and discussed Taoism together, and shared ginseng fruit.

Now that Lin Long suddenly heard that he was going to leave, the two naturally felt a little uncomfortable for a while.

"I can't stay in your Wuzhuang temple all the time, can I?"

Lin Long smiled and said, "Thank you two fellow Taoists for your hospitality during this time, but I can feel that my physical body has reached a bottleneck, and I have to travel around to find other opportunities, otherwise it will be useless to practice even if I continue to stay here. "

He is telling the truth.

Although ginseng fruit takes nearly 10,000 years to mature to 30 fruits, but Zhen Yuanzi has practiced for so many years, but there are quite a few in stock.

In recent years, Lin Long has also eaten a lot here, and he has exhausted the potential of ginseng fruit. Eating any more is just to make up for his appetite, and he cannot continue to improve his physical strength.

You have to find other genius treasures in order to continue to improve your physical body.

But the only pity is that although he has discussed with Zhen Yuanzi many times in these years, and also comprehended many small supernatural powers and spells, he has never comprehended the universe that he always wanted to comprehend.

This can be regarded as the only regret in these years.

Of course, a life with regrets is called perfection. After so many years of cultivation, Lin Long's state of mind has naturally been tempered to be extremely tough. Although he regrets, he is not persistent.

Hearing this, both Zhen Yuanzi and Hong Yun sighed: "Oh, you really can't be idle."

"Forget it, since you want to go, go."

Seeing that Zhen Yuanzi's expression seemed a little depressed, Hong Yun said with a smile: "Fellow Daoist Lin Long, don't care about this guy like Zhen Yuanzi. It seems that he usually doesn't care about anything, but he actually likes to be lively, but fellow Daoist In order to seek the Tao, we can't stop you, but if you have time, don't forget to come to Wuzhuang Temple for a seat."

Lin Long nodded, Zhen Yuanzi and Hong Yun had very similar temperaments, otherwise they wouldn't be close friends.

Neither of them had any bad intentions, so when Lin Long got along with them, he was extremely relaxed. After more than a hundred years of contact, he really regarded the two as his good friends.

And the reason why he left in a hurry, besides the fact that his physical body was unable to break through the shackles for the time being, was actually another reason.

He had a premonition that there was a danger, and it was constantly approaching him.

"Fellow Daoist Hongyun, you should put aside your good-natured character in the future, otherwise you will definitely suffer a big loss."

After more than a hundred years of getting along with each other, Lin Long's word can be regarded as a little bit of red cloud.

With Hong Yun's character, it's really inappropriate to hang out in the wild. If he didn't like walking around in the wild, and his own strength is not bad, he might have died countless times.

"Don't worry, Fellow Daoist, I understand."

Hong Yun nodded, stretched out his hand and patted Lin Long, wondering if he really listened to these words in his heart.

Lin Long felt that Hong Yun seemed to have stuffed himself with something, but seeing Hong Yun's appearance, he didn't continue to say more.

It should be persuaded and persuaded, too much is too late, good words are hard to persuade a ghost who wants to die, the future path depends on Hongyun's own good fortune.

Afterwards, Lin Long did not continue to stay in Wuzhuang Temple, and immediately got up and left on the cloud.

And Zhen Yuanzi in Wuzhuang Temple looked at Lin Long's leaving back, with an inexplicable expression on his face: "Hongyun, you said that fellow Taoist Lin Long left in such a hurry, why?"

Hong Yun didn't turn her head back, and said with a smile: "Hehe, what else can happen? If it's really just a trip to the prehistoric region, why would you leave in such a hurry? If he didn't guess wrong, I'm afraid he had a premonition of some trouble and didn't want to involve you and me. That's all."

In the prehistoric world, there are really no pure and honest people.

Zhen Yuanzi also nodded: "Yes, this guy is good at practicing other supernatural powers, but he doesn't seem to have practiced the method of concealing breath, should you and I follow and see if we can be of any help? ?”

Hearing this, Hongyun immediately turned his head and rolled his eyes at Zhen Yuanzi: "You don't know his strength, if he can't solve the trouble, do you think you and I can help? Help? I'm afraid the more you help, the more busy you will be!"

Zhen Yuanzi was at a loss for words when he heard the words.

Although Hong Yun's words are straightforward, they are not without reason.

However, after getting along for more than a hundred years, Zhen Yuanzi naturally regarded Lin Long as a friend, and he was still a little worried: "Could it be that we can't do anything?"

"Hahahaha, that's not the case."

Hong Yun laughed loudly: "When he left, I secretly stuffed him with some ginseng fruit. Although this thing can no longer help him improve his strength, if he encounters an injury, it is good for healing."

"What? You bastard, stole my ginseng fruit again!"

Zhen Yuanzi was stunned for a moment and then realized: "You almost stole all the fruits I hid!"

"Well, the word you said is not very accurate. To be precise, it has been stolen, and I took all the remaining fruits to Lin Long."

Hongyun smiled awkwardly, Zhen Yuanzi couldn't help but widen his eyes when he heard this, and Zhen Yuanzi's roar soon came from Wuzhuang Temple: "Hongyun, I'm not finished with you!"


Lin Long's cloud head is very fast, but in the effort of a cup of tea, he has already left the boundary of Longevity Mountain.

Seeing the ginseng fruit stuffed into his arms by Hong Yun, Lin Long couldn't help shaking his head: "This guy really has a heart."

Lin Long also felt warm about the friendship Hong Yun and Zhen Yuanzi had towards him.

"Now that we have left the boundary of Wuzhuang Temple, it is time to deduce the feeling of palpitations and what is going on."

"Know the future!"

[You have used the supernatural ability to know the future, and the battle among the dragon, phoenix, and unicorn clans has intensified. As the third dragon god of the dragon clan, the phoenix clan is going to get rid of you first, weakening the combat power of the dragon clan. The clan's three great Luo powerhouses will meet them after traveling 300,000 miles eastward. 】

Looking at the results of the deduction, Lin Long finally knew what was causing his palpitations.

"Has it been discovered after being hidden in Wuzhuang Temple for so long?"

"Fortunately, I left early, otherwise they would have been involved."

"With my current strength, the great power of the Phoenix Clan's Great Luo Realm, one-on-one is definitely not a threat."

"If you can't find me, these guys will go to Wuzhuang Temple in all likelihood."

With Lin Long's character, safety must come first when encountering such a thing.

However, he did not run away this time. Instead, he decided to check the situation of the three phoenixes first. If he could win, he would not mind killing them.

If you can't win, then fellow Taoist Hong Yun and Zhen Yuanzi, please ask for blessings.

Anyway, I have already left Wuzhuang Temple, even if the Feng family came to find it, I think it would not be too embarrassing for them.

After all, the Phoenix Clan is not as domineering and domineering as the Dragon Clan.

at the same time.

Three hundred thousand miles away, the three-headed fire phoenix swept across the sky with scorching breath all over its body.

"Brother, is the third Dragon God of the Dragon Clan really in the Longevity Mountain? Where did you get the news? Is it accurate?"

"Don't worry, the news must be accurate. It was reported by a small clan member under our Phoenix Clan meeting."

"It won't be long before Fengzu will go out and lead our clan to fight the dragon clan in an all-round way."

"If you can weaken some of the dragon clan's combat power right now, you can weaken it more."

"Anyway, it's an assigned task, and we just follow orders."

"It's been a long time since those guys from the Dragon Clan are not pleasing to the eye. They all have eyes higher than the top, thinking that everyone is afraid of them."

"Don't worry, my Feng Clan will definitely win this battle. I can't tell you more about some things. You just need to know that Feng Zu got the help of an expert, and this time the Dragon Clan will be destroyed."

The few phoenixes talked to each other, but they didn't know that their words were all hidden deep in the void. Lin Long, who used the law of space to cover up his figure, listened seriously.

"Fengzu Yuanfeng got the help of an expert, and this expert is probably Luo Hu, hehe, I don't know if I was tricked by others, but I am still here dreaming of dominating the prehistoric world!"

Lin Long sneered endlessly: "Since you want to kill me, then I shouldn't be entangled in karma if I kill you, so it will become a part of my strength improvement!"

[You used the supernatural power of knowing the future, and appeared to challenge the three fire phoenixes head-on. You succeeded, but you suffered some injuries]

[You used the supernatural power of knowing the future to sneak attack on these three fire phoenixes, you succeeded]

Although he was sure, Lin Long didn't want the gutter to capsize, so he naturally used the magical power of anti-knowledge to the future, and then he will talk about it after some deduction.


		