

Above the North Sea, the situation will meet.

Dragon, Phoenix, Qilin.

Under Zulong's deliberate guidance, most of the clansmen gathered in Beihai, where the final victory is bound to be decided.

"Hehe, Zulong, I haven't seen you for many years, I thought you couldn't get out of the closed door!"

Fengzu Yuanfeng is a beautiful-looking middle-aged woman, and behind her are Fengzu's high-end combat power.

Hearing this, Zu Long couldn't help snorting, and glanced at Yuan Feng: "I don't want you to bother, I advise you to lead the Feng Clan to submit to our Dragon Clan as soon as possible, otherwise, after this battle, Honghuang may not be able to live like you land!"

Having said that, Zulong raised his eyes and turned to the side again: "Siqilin, since you have come, why don't you show up? What does it look like hiding your head and showing your tail?"

As the voice fell, a burly young man from the Qilin clan let out a chuckle, and then walked out.

"Zu Long, didn't I leave some space for you and Yuan Feng? I haven't seen you for many years. You two must have a lot to talk about. It's inappropriate for me to interrupt right now."

Although the words were polite, anyone could hear the sarcasm in them.

"Hmph, it's useless to talk too much! Erlang of the Dragon Clan listens to my orders. Today, destroy the Phoenix Clan, kill the Qilin, and rule the world!"

Zulong didn't seem to want to talk any more nonsense with them, and immediately gave an order, and the hundreds of millions of dragons showed their real bodies, carrying endless laws, and charged towards the two clans!

The Feng Clan and the Qilin Clan were naturally not to be outdone.

The three clans fought together in an instant!

The rain of blood kept falling all over the sky, and there was a sudden change between the sky and the earth, and it seemed to be playing a sad song!

Boundless resentment keeps rising with the progress of the battle situation!

And Luo Hu, who was hiding in the void, watched the fierce battle between the three clans, with a sneer on his face: "Hehe, good, good fight! The more people die, the more resentment there will be. There are already demons under my command here." Great formation, when you finish fighting, I will activate the formation, and then all the resentment will be transformed into demonic energy, and I will kill that old bastard Hongjun in one fell swoop!"

The three clans have always had constant disputes. Apart from their own reasons, Luo Hu behind the scenes fanning the flames and instigating everywhere also played a vital role.

He and Hongjun have always been at odds, and there have always been conflicts, but the strength of the two is on par, and it is not easy to beat Hongjun.

In the eyes of such top powers as Luo Hu and Hong Jun, even the powerful three clans are just pawns, and their only function is to play games.

This Rahu practiced the way of demons through killing to prove the Tao, and he could practice with the help of resentment, evil spirits, and demonic energy from heaven and earth.

As long as the war between the three clans starts, there will be countless deaths and injuries of the prehistoric creatures, and the resentment will surge, and with the help of these breaths, Luo Hu will become stronger and stronger!

At that time, the chances of leading Hongjun here and killing Hongjun in one fell swoop are very high!

As for the fate of the three clans, Luo Hu never cared about it.

The patriarchs of the three clans have been retreating all these years, and the real reason is that Luo Hu has quietly revealed the news that by gathering a clan's luck, they can break through to a higher level than Da Luo's perfection!

Indeed, this approach does work.

Under the retreat of the patriarchs of the three clans, the strength of the clan's luck has indeed improved.

But the strength of the opponent who can't stand it has also improved?

Moreover, the development of the three clans has reached the limit, and if they want to continue to develop and gain stronger strength, they can only shift their attention to the other two clans.

This is Luo Hu's conspiracy!

Even if the three clans can see through, there is nothing they can do.

After all, for the development of the family, it is duty-bound!

Because no one dared to bet, nor could they guarantee that the patriarchs of the other two clans would not break through first.

The fate of such a huge race depends on itself, so it can only be used to kill the danger in the cradle.

The patriarchs of the three clans are not as irresponsible as Lin Long, and they don't care about killing their own clan.

As the battle intensified, the North Sea was soon filled with resentment.

The atmosphere between heaven and earth is gloomy, and the cause and effect are unknown.

Luo Hu had a rare look of joy on his face.

The three major clans were all red-eyed.

At this time, the losses of all ethnic groups are extremely heavy, and it is basically impossible to stop.

The bloodline of the ancestor dragon was almost cut off, and the descendants of Yuanfeng were basically killed or injured. As for the Qilin family, it was even more miserable. Counting the ethnic group, there were only a few dozens of Qilin left.

Slowly, the battlefield became silent.

Looking at each other's miserable situation, the three clans stopped their hands in unison, looking at the miserable and tragic battlefield and the wounded clansmen.

"Yuanfeng, Shi Qilin, you are also aware of it?"

Zulong's expression was not good at this time, the final decisive battle between the three clans had come to the present, and the cold wind woke up his mind.

That Yuanfeng also sneered, and reprimanded: "Hehe, so what if you realize it? If you don't fight to this point, how can you, an old bastard, put away your ambition?"

"Fart, look at the battlefield, how many Wulong people died!"

After Zulong finished speaking, Yuanfeng immediately sarcastically said: "Your Dragon Clan suffered heavy damage. Could it be that my Phoenix Clan and Qilin Clan have suffered less damage? Your Dragon Clan is struggling with each other. Even if we give in and don't fight this time, could it be that you, an old man, will not fight?" Watching us continue to retreat?"

Shi Qilin's face on the side is also extremely gloomy. In this decisive battle, the Qilin clan is the most miserable: "Yes, once your ancestor dragon takes that step, this prehistoric land will really belong to your dragon clan. What else do we have for the two clans?" Land! I will still be driven to death by you!"

Seeing that the two seemed to be standing on the same front, Zu Long roared: "Fart! What qualifications do you have to say about me? If you break through that step, won't you kill my Dragon Clan?"

The loss of the war has reached a level that none of the three major clans can afford.

This war is like a grinding disc of flesh and blood, easily crushing all the lives in this battle.

The eyes of the patriarchs of the three clans were bloodshot, and their eyes were tearing apart.

Although there was an idea in mind to stop, no one wanted to bring it up first.

Whoever raises it means that the limit has been reached, and the other two races will immediately join forces to eliminate it.

The battle reached a stalemate, and no one dared to act rashly anymore, but at this moment, a burst of laughter came from the void.

"Hahaha, fight, why don't you fight? This seat is really excited to see it."

At some point, Luo Hu was already standing in the air, looking at the three clans, his eyes full of mischief.

"It's you!"

Looking at the man who appeared in mid-air surrounded by demonic energy, the patriarchs of the three clans recognized Luo Hu at a glance.

Although he didn't know the name of this person, he told himself the way to use luck to improve his strength.

At the moment Luo Hu came out, he noticed the reactions of the patriarchs of the other two clans, and a thought instantly appeared in the minds of the patriarchs of the three clans.

Understood!

Everything is understood!

"you do this delibrately!"

Zulong raised his head and roared!

That Yuanfeng was full of flames: "It's you! You deliberately told us how to use luck to improve our strength, so that we can fight each other!"

Shi Qilin didn't speak, but the breath in his body also began to be restless.

But Luo Hu was unhurried, and said with a chuckle: "Hehe, you have misunderstood me, I just told you the method to improve your strength, and this method really did not deceive you, it is your own greed How can you blame me for trying to destroy the other party and dominate Honghuang?"

Hearing this, the patriarchs of the three clans were all silent.

Yes, this guy really just told himself how to practice.

The method is true, and I have never deceived myself. It is all up to me whether to cultivate or not!

Things have come to this point, this guy is certainly hateful, but the real cause of serious damage to the ethnic group, in the final analysis, is because of his own ambition!

"I'll kill you first!"

Zulong, who had the most explosive temper, was the first to bear it no longer!

When he made a move, Yuan Feng and Shi Qilin, who were already full of resentment, also moved at the same time!

"Join hands! Kill him first!"

The three patriarchs, who are far more powerful than Da Luo Jinxian, join forces and suddenly kill Luo Hu!

Although they knew that the culprit was not only Luo Hu, but the bigger reason was their own ambitions.

But at this time, the only way to alleviate the anger in their hearts is to kill Luo Hu.

However, Luo Hu looked at the three of them with a mocking look on his face: "Hmph, a few chess pieces are also trying to deal with me!"

As soon as the voice fell, Luo Hu did not see any movement, but suddenly several black beams of light appeared in all directions and shot straight into the sky!

The next moment, the entire space seemed to be shrouded in black light!

"Evil forever!"

The boundless evil energy accumulated between the heaven and the earth converged towards the creatures of the three races who had not yet died at the same time.

The people of the three races who had been able to maintain a semblance of reason before suddenly turned dark and dull, like puppets on strings.

At the same time, Luo Hu's aura suddenly increased!

The breath is rising steadily, and it is about to break through the critical point and reach another realm!

However, at this moment, in the center of the North Sea, a white light suddenly lit up and shot straight into the sky!

"Luohu, you are reckless and murderous, today the old Taoist will eliminate demons and defend Taoism!"

I saw a gray-robed Taoist in the sky, holding a whisk and holding a jade plate on his head, walking quickly!

With the arrival of this old man, the world is divided into black and white, and the situation changes instantly.

At this moment, Luohu's face suddenly sank, and he shouted angrily: "Hongjun, you are a pious hypocrite again! At least I dare to act bravely! What about you? You took away the fragments of the jade plate of good fortune from me, but still pretended Know nothing!"


		