

Lin Long used his body shape and arrived at the center of this fairy island almost in an instant.

I saw that in the central position, there were Taos of divine lights looming, the rays of the sun were shaking, and the aura was faint.

At first glance, it seems that there is nothing unusual on this fairy island full of aura, but after careful perception, it is possible to find something unusual.

After all, my own reminder can't be wrong, besides, there is such a vision but it's unremarkable, isn't it self-contradictory?

"Let me see what kind of treasure is here!"

Lin Long performed the Future Reversing, and realized that there was no danger here, and then concentrated his magic power on his eyes, and a divine pattern flashed in the eyes.

[You have observed the eyes with the mana condensed, and comprehended the supernatural power: the pupil of the great way]

As the reminder appeared, Lin Long had already gotten used to the supernatural power brought by his understanding, and by operating the pupil of the Dao, his eyes had completely changed.

I saw that the laws of heaven and earth were densely covered like silk, and the laws of the operation of everything were in the eyes.

At the same time, a flowing light formation also appeared in front of him.

"Array in array!"

Now that Lin Long has mastered the laws of the formation, he can naturally sense the laws of operation of the entire formation.

[You have carefully observed the operation of the innate formation, and realized the supernatural power: covering the sky and covering the earth]

In an instant, Lin Long had already realized the whole picture and the restriction of the formation in front of him. Immediately, he stabilized his figure and stretched out his hand a little above the streamer formation.

Boo——

With his current cultivation base plus various supernatural powers and formation laws, it is naturally easy to break this small formation.

The scene in front of him changed as he reached out and pointed out, and the viscous to atomized aura also burst out.

"That's right, this is what the Immortal Island Center should have!"

Lin Long nodded slightly, looked towards the center of the formation, and suddenly saw a stone tablet standing in the center.

Looking closer, the four big characters carved like a dragon on the stele catches the eye impressively.

Penglai Xiandao!

Lin Long then closed his eyes, reached out to touch the stone tablet in front of him, and felt all the changes quietly.

In an instant, his entire consciousness seemed to be pulled out of his body, infinitely magnified, and everything in the entire fairy island was captured in his heart.

"Fuck, this is the town monument of Penglai Xiandao!"

Lin Long opened his eyes, just now he was still wondering what kind of treasure could be bred by such an innate formation in this fairy island, he couldn't figure it out after thinking about it.

Now, he finally understood.

Although the Xiandao Town Monument does not have the ability of innate spiritual treasures, as long as it is refined for its own use, it can completely control every plant and tree on the island.

Only by refining the Zhenbei can one truly control the Immortal Island!

[You have performed the anti-knowledge future, and realized that there is no danger in refining the town's stele, so you began to refine the town's stele with peace of mind]

Lin Long nodded in satisfaction, then sat cross-legged, slowly spreading out his spiritual thoughts and covering the town monument.


There is no time in practice, and a hundred years is gone in the blink of an eye.

[You have successfully refined the Penglai Xiandao Town Monument and comprehended 30% of the Three Immortals Floating Life Formation]

"It takes a hundred years to refine a town tablet, which is not too slow."

Lin Long stretched, and slowly got up.

There are only four big characters of Penglai Xiandao on the town tablet in front of me, but at this moment, it shakes slightly, and then Lin Long's name suddenly appears on the town monument, as if it has been growing on the town monument.

At this moment, the entire Penglai Xiandao has completely lost any secrets to Lin Long.

While refining the town monument, Lin Long also discovered something.

The three fairy islands of Penglai, Fangzhang, and Yingzhou seem to have nothing to do with each other, but they are actually connected by air.

Each of the three fairy islands has its advantages and disadvantages, and if all the town monuments of the three fairy islands are refined, they can also control a complete guardian formation.

Among the prehistoric times, the most attacking formations are Zhuxian Sword Formation!

Although there are many defensive formations, they are not top class.

Although the Chaos Orb had its own formation, it was in a damaged state after all, and it was still worse than the Three Immortals' Floating Life Formation.

"Now that I have refined the Penglai Town Stele, it is equivalent to making a home in Penglai."

Lin Long hid the town monument with a wave of his hand, thinking in his heart: "Although the fairy island is secret, it is hard to guarantee that it will not be discovered by other creatures. There should indeed be a more powerful Dao protection formation. I must integrate the three fairy islands." Get up and form the Three Immortal Floating Life Formation, this way, the power will be stronger, and I will be safer!"

Now that he has made up his mind, Lin Long will naturally not hesitate to use his supernatural powers immediately to know the future!

[You have used your supernatural powers to know the future. There is an island six thousand miles away in the east. There is an innate formation on it. Its appearance is full of spiritual energy and looks like a fairy island. You searched it and it turned out to be the abbot's fairy island.]

[You have used your supernatural powers to know the future. There is a sea monster in the middle of the north, one hundred and thirty thousand miles away. You choose safety first and take a detour]

[You have used your supernatural powers to know the future. There is an island five thousand miles away to the south, and there is an innate formation on it. You followed the breath of the town monument and rushed over. It really is the fairy island of Yingzhou]

[You used your magical powers to know the future, and you were sure that you were not in danger when you collected the two fairy islands, so you rushed to the two fairy islands without worry]

Lin Long nodded in satisfaction: "Very good, so I can get the remaining two town monuments of Xiandao, but there is a sea monster in the middle stage of Daluo Jinxian a hundred thousand miles away, which I didn't notice before."

"The distance of 100,000 miles is too close for a monk in the Daluo Jinxian realm. I must hurry up!"

After all, the three fairy islands are sweet pastries. If the sea monster finds out, although I am not afraid, it will definitely be very troublesome.

Most importantly, this is completely contrary to the principle of safety first.

It can make 100% of the force, but not 99%!

Can be safe, naturally can not take risks!

Immediately, without any hesitation, Lin Long set off immediately, and according to the reminder from Nizhi Future, he arrived at Fangzhang Island in almost a moment.

The supernatural power of knowing the future makes Lin Long act like God's help, not to mention being able to predict good and bad, safety and danger, but also to say that ordinary monks may not be able to find the town monument with all their efforts, Lin Long can find it without any effort where.

[You successfully refined the Fangzhang Island Town Monument, comprehending 60% of the Three Immortals Floating Life Formation]


[You have successfully refined the Yingzhou Island Town Monument, comprehended and completed the Three Immortals Floating Formation]

Two hundred years passed in a flash, and Lin Long had successfully refined all the town monuments of the three fairy islands.

And the Three Immortals' Floating Life Formation is completely mastered!

"It's no wonder that when refining the first town monument, I could only comprehend 30% of the Sanxian Floating Formation. It turns out that the core key of this formation is the Sanxian Island. Only the existence of the Sanxian Island can perform this formation. There are three fairy islands, and there is no way to talk about the formation."

After Lin Long took full control of the entire Three Immortals Floating Life Formation, he had already fully understood the power of this formation.

Now he can pat his chest and say that the strongest defensive formation in Honghuang is none other than this formation!

The Three Immortal Floating Life Formation gathered the vital defenses of the three immortal islands. Ordinary creatures, even those in the quasi-sage realm, would not be able to enter without his consent!

Even if someone has special means to evade the defense of the formation, the vitality of these three fairy islands can still be blessed on Lin Long, turning defense into offense.

With his current strength, in the formation, it is not a problem to resist the quasi-sage realm!

"Sure enough, it is the right choice to set up a family on this fairy island."

Lin Long nodded slightly, quite satisfied.

But there is one thing that he can't understand: "This level of formation, those creatures who have owned this fairy island in later generations have not discovered it? It's strange, this level of formation should have been famous for a long time That's right."

The ownership of Sanxian Island, according to the original prehistoric trajectory, the East Prince should be the first one, and after the fall of the East Prince, the Yaozu Dijun occupied this place, but none of them could find the Three Immortals Floating Life Formation.

Lin Long ignored this point. The reason why he was able to find Zhenbei easily was also because of his supernatural power of knowing the future.

Otherwise, this kind of monument that can't even be detected by spiritual consciousness, people who have no chance will never find it in their lifetime.

Besides, even if you find it, you may not be able to comprehend the Three Immortals Floating Life Formation.

If the Eastern Prince who was the first to occupy Sanxian Island discovered this formation, how would Di Jun dare to kill Sanxian Island?

But these are all related to Lin Long Wuguan.

Right now, all of the Three Immortal Islands have been taken into the bag, no matter who comes, it is impossible to give up the position of the owner.

"It's time to open up a dojo on this island!"

With a wave of his hand, the Three Immortals Floating Life Formation opened up, and above the fairy island, spiritual energy surged endlessly.

As the Three Immortals Floating Life Formation opened, on the surface of the East China Sea, outside the Sanxian Island, a figure of a Taoist dressed in a Taoist robe and holding a jade ruyi came brazenly.

"Huh? It's so strange, I just clearly sensed that there will be a chance here, why did it suddenly disappear?"


		