

Beihai, Kunpeng Dojo.

After receiving Lin Long's instructions, Kunpeng also understood what he should do.

After a few simple and polite sentences with Di Jun, Di Jun finally got to the point.

Looking at Kunpeng, Di Jun said with a serious expression: "Fellow Daoist has an extraordinary cultivation base, is also a wild alien species, and has peerless talents. He has been in Beihai for so many years, and he never thought of doing something big in the wild?"

Di Jun didn't deliberately brag to win over Kunpeng.

In Di Jun's eyes, Kunpeng is indeed very powerful, Da Luo Jinxian's peak in the late stage is only one step away from consummation, and this cultivation base is definitely considered the best in the prehistoric.

Kunpeng's heels are equally powerful, a prehistoric alien, born to master the two laws of Feng Shui.

With Kunpeng under his command, the Yaozu's strength will definitely skyrocket.

When he came, Di Jun noticed that there were quite a few aquatic tribes under Kunpeng's command, and they were not much different from the demon court he had formed.

This is simply a gift from heaven.

Bring Kunpeng under his command, and Yaoting will instantly become the top power in the prehistoric world.

It's a pity that Dijun's praise fell into Kunpeng's ears, but it was extremely harsh.

Self-cultivation is outstanding? Still doing something big?

In the Dragon God Realm, the current cultivation level is higher than his own, and he can't count with ten fingers.

As for doing something big, in the Dragon God Realm, your status is not lower than that of the manager of the three clans. How can you, a prehistoric monster clan, compare with the Dragon God Realm?

It is not an exaggeration to say that under the leadership of Lin Long, the three clans have recovered their previous strength, and they have even become stronger than I don't know how many times.

After all, there were only a few people from the three clans who reached the late stage of Da Luo Jinxian.

With the Dragon Divine Dao handed down by Lin Long, the three clans now have no bottlenecks in their practice.

In the Three Immortals Island, there are dozens of disciples of Daluo Jinxian consummation alone.

But having said that, Lin Long asked himself to join the Yaozu, and he couldn't refuse.

Kunpeng sized Di Jun up: "Fellow Daoist, it's not impossible to join the Monster Race, but what about the Shui Race under my command? Besides, if I join the Monster Race, what position will I take?"

Di Jun just wanted to say that of course these aquariums were also merged into the monster clan, but before he could say anything, he realized that Kunpeng's expression was wrong, and hurriedly changed his words.

"These aquariums are still under your command, and no one can dispatch them except you."

"As for the position of Fellow Daoist in the Yaozu, my Yaozu would like to be regarded as a Yaoshi, and the status is equal to that of Donghuang and others, only under me."

Di Jun really wanted to take all the forces under Kunpeng into his pocket.

But Kunpeng is not a fool, if he dared to say this, he would not have to think about recruiting Kunpeng.

Hearing Dijun's reply, Kunpeng nodded in satisfaction.

"Okay, I am willing to join the demon clan, and from now on, I will serve His Majesty the Demon Emperor!"

Di Jun was overjoyed, and said with a smile: "Okay! From now on, Fellow Daoist Kunpeng will be my demon master!"

Kunpeng also had a smile on his face, but there seemed to be something hidden under that smile.

Lin Long was too involved in letting Kunpeng join the Yaozu.

The reason why Kunpeng was allowed to join the Yaozu, of course he had his own plans.

What Hongjun cultivated was the way of heaven.

It is necessary to continuously promote the operation of the way of heaven.

Every time the calamity is measured, it is a huge improvement for Hongjun.

If he wants to enter the Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian Realm before Hongjun, he not only has to find a way on himself, but also has to find a way to slow down Hongjun's practice speed.

Let Kunpeng join the demon clan and accumulate reputation, so as to delay the arrival of the Lich Calamity as much as possible.

This is Lin Long's purpose.

If it wasn't for Lin Long's order, Kunpeng would really have disliked the position of demon master promised by God Jun.

The prehistoric years passed in a flash.

Lin Long is in the dojo, and it will be ten thousand years in the blink of an eye.

For ten thousand years, Kunpeng already had a solid foundation, and quickly gained a firm foothold in the Yaozu.

The name of the demon master slowly spread throughout the prehistoric world.

In the monster clan, many people have rumored that the monster master is generous, and the monster clan under his opponent is also sympathetic.

Later, he created characters for the Yaozu, whose status is only under that of the Yao Emperor Jun.

Compared with Donghuang Taiyi, Xihuang Fuxi and Wahuang Nuwa, Kunpeng's status is faintly higher, as if he is already under one person and above hundreds of millions of people!

As Lin Long's own person, Kunpeng also understands what Lin Long means, and has always advocated not to conflict with the witch clan among the monster clan and to develop steadily.

At this time, there was already a momentum of two parties fighting for hegemony in the prehistoric world.

Due to the pressure, all races in the prehistoric land joined these two races.

But not without exception.

Whether it is the witch clan or the monster clan, they all respect the dragon clan guarding the world.

As a result, those dragon clansmen who were placed outside just stayed in the four seas so safely, without being implicated at all.

Some prehistoric tribes who were born later were very puzzled by this.

For ten thousand years, Hongjun deliberately erased the traces of Lin Long's existence. Gradually, the name of the Qingmu Dragon God was no longer known by the new creatures like Honghuang.

Only those truly powerful people know the name of Aoki Dragon God.

In the eyes of the newly born prehistoric creatures, the Dragon Clan has also been completely reduced to a weak race.

Many creatures in the prehistoric world don't understand why the dragon clan can still occupy the land of the world with their low cultivation.

Even the two big clans, the Witch Clan and the Monster Clan, don't care.

You know, the resources in the four seas are very rich, no matter which side gets it, its strength will skyrocket.

There are also some guys who don't know what is good or bad, relying on their own cultivation, seeing that there are many dragon treasures, they want to snatch them.

But as long as it is a creature that takes action, without exception, it will be surrounded and suppressed by the monster clan.

The ten demon gods were very curious about the reason, but Emperor Jun Taiyi, who gave the order, kept silent.

It is only said that there are powerful beings in the Dragon Clan.

Only Kunpeng knew that Dijun and Taiyi knew of Lin Long's existence and wanted to make friends with Lin Long.

On this day, in the Yaozu Demon Court.

A group of demon gods stood in the hall.

Di Jun sat on the emperor's chair, looking down at his subordinates with a majestic expression.

"I asked you to come here today. I have something to discuss with you."

"The witch clan is growing stronger and stronger. For nearly a thousand years, it has been in constant friction with my monster clan."

"I have a feeling that sooner or later there will be a battle between the monster clan and the witch clan."

"But the witch clan acts mysteriously. There have been rumors that, apart from the twelve ancestor witches, there is a witch god who has never shown up. Is this true or not?"

"Xihuang, you are proficient in divination and fortune-telling. In front of everyone, you will start divination today, and you will be able to fortune-tell witch gods!"

This witch god in the witch clan has been rumored in the wild.

Every hundred years, the witch clan will worship the witch god and Pangu.

Everyone can understand the worship of Pangu. After all, the Twelve Ancestral Witches were born from the essence and blood of Pangu.

But what is the origin of this witch god?

The existence of witch gods seems to be the highest secret of the witch clan. Except for the twelve ancestor witches, even ordinary great witches don't know about it.

This can't help but make people wonder for a while whether there is really such a person.

Or was it deliberately fabricated by the Wu Clan to scare people?

Di Jun already had the idea of ​​going to war with the Wu Clan in his heart.

Before that, of course, it is necessary to find out the top combat power of the Wu Clan.

It just so happened that Fuxi had just joined the Yaozu and was proficient in divination.

Today let him do fortune-telling in the main hall to raise the prestige of Fuxi.


		