

"I'm stupid! Daoist Mosquito, how dare you trick me!"

At the moment when he saw the real body of Lin Long and Qinglong, Kunpeng felt like cursing his mother.

Seeing Kunpeng staring at him viciously, Daoist Mosquito is not afraid now: "It's no wonder I, there are only a few people who can hunt and kill Daoist Mosquito, even if I don't tell you, you should know. "

He is now barefoot and not afraid of wearing shoes. Anyway, you, Kunpeng, have already done something to the Dragon God. Do you still want to stay out of it?

Even though Kunpeng wanted to stay out of the matter, but with the dragon clan's character of vengeance, this Cyanwood Dragon God would definitely not let Kunpeng go!

At that time, Kunpeng will definitely join forces with him in order to save his life.

Therefore, Taoist Mosquito is no longer afraid that Kunpeng will know everything.

"Kunpeng, let me put my ugly words up front, baby, I have already planned to give it to you, save my life, the blood mosquito needle is yours, you can't let it go!"

He is determined to eat Kunpeng.

As for whether Kunpeng will settle accounts with him afterwards, that is another story.

Let's get over this difficult situation first.

And Kunpeng also stared at Taoist Mosquito with eyes that wanted to eat people, he naturally understood that he was being tricked by Taoist Mosquito.

But now is not the time to settle accounts.

"Okay, very good! Daoist Mosquito, I admit that I am wronged today. After this incident, I will discuss it with you!"

Hearing Kunpeng's words, Taoist Mosquito knew that Kunpeng had made up his mind, and immediately said with a smile: "Hehe, that's for the future. Right now, it's better to find a way to join hands to deal with this bug."

The two soon formed a united front.

And Lin Long was not in a hurry, taking advantage of the intrigue between the two, he also quietly made a move, and set up the Three Immortals Floating Life Formation.

With the help of the pupil of the great way and the law of the formation, Lin Long's formation skills have improved by leaps and bounds.

In order to trap the enemy, the Three Immortals Floating Life Formation was taken out and slightly modified.

The original formation was placed on the outside, and it was extremely difficult to break through from the outside.

Now after Lin Long's modification, the Three Immortal Floating Life Formation is just the opposite. Without Lin Long's permission, it would be even more difficult for the creatures trapped in the formation to get out than to open the sky.

On the contrary, it is difficult to get out from the inside, so the defense from the outside is a little weaker.

But it doesn't matter, Lin Long has already checked it just now, there are only Mosquito Taoist and Kunpeng here, if they are trapped in the formation, they are not afraid of them escaping.

Although Lin Long was not afraid of them running away relying on the wind and clouds, if any troubles were caused, it was not what Lin Long wanted to see.

Safety first!

"Looking at the looks of you, it seems that we have already discussed it. If that's the case, let's do it."

After the array arrangement was completed, Lin Long was sure of winning, and immediately spoke calmly.

Kunpeng and Taoist Mosquito couldn't help but sneer when they heard this.

"Hmph, arrogance! Do you really think that the dragon god of the dragon clan can be arrogant?"

The Mosquito Taoist was more impatient. After all, Lin Long chased him just now, and now he teamed up with Kunpeng, and felt that his confidence had greatly increased, so he took the lead immediately!

In the sea water, Taoist Mosquito turned into countless blood mosquitoes, unaffected by the sea water at all, and swept towards Lin Long like a school of nimble fish.

The bloody mosquito swarm is vicious and viscous, filled with a strong bloody smell!

Mosquito Taoist, the first mosquito in the wild, still has some skills.

Now it's a bit of a momentum to go all out.

Now that Taoist Mosquito had already started, Kunpeng naturally couldn't sit still.

Anyway, I have already offended the dragon god in front of me, in order to avoid future troubles, today, I must kill the dragon god Aoki!

Kunpeng didn't pay attention to Lin Long when he started fighting earlier.

Now when he strikes, he uses all his strength, and every blow is full of killing intent!

The endless water flow was like a sharp blade, continuously circling and attacking Lin Long's body.

"Kunpeng's law of water is estimated to be nearly half completed, and it is only a step away from the goal, otherwise it would never have such power."

While dodging the attacks of the two with ease, Lin Long looked at the bodies of the two with greedy eyes.

I have a lot of means, but there are not many that I can use right now.

If he killed the two directly, he could easily do it, but Lin couldn't help coveting the bodies of these two guys!

Otherwise, wouldn't his plan to refine the puppet clone be completely in vain?

He has dragged it until now for the physical bodies of these two guys!

"Hey, how great would it be if you were a little stronger?"

Lin Long sighed, he was telling the truth, because most of his methods were sure to kill, and it was difficult to control not to cause damage to the bodies of the two.

However, when these words were heard by Kunpeng and Taoist Mosquito, it had a completely different meaning.

"Arrogance! Ye Long, no matter if it is your dragon god or something today, if you dare to underestimate me, you will definitely make you pay the price!"

Kunpeng was so angry that he was about to burst into tears. From the time he was born with spiritual wisdom and began to practice until today, no creature has ever said such a thing in front of his face!

And the Taoist Mosquito also licked the corner of his mouth, and said with a sneer: "Yes, I haven't drunk the blood of the five-clawed dragon. Today, I will try something new and suck your flesh and blood!"

Seeing the confident looks of the two guys, the corners of Lin Long's mouth curled up.

"Since that's the case, let's come!"

After all, Lin Long really relaxed his mana control, and the huge dragon body directly transformed into a human form, standing in front of Taoist Mosquito and Kunpeng with spread hands.

"Huh? Knowing that you are invincible, do you want to catch him without a fight?"

The eyes of the Mosquito Taoist were full of greed, if he could really absorb the flesh and blood of a five-clawed true dragon, even if he handed over the bloody mosquito needle himself, it would not be a loss!

"Not bad, come on."

Lin Long smiled lightly, and at the same time, his body seemed to be out of control, and he went towards Taoist Mosquito.

The Mosquito Taoist was overjoyed when he saw this, he didn't think about why Lin Long was suddenly captured without a fight, his mind was full of thoughts of devouring the real dragon's flesh and blood, breaking through his cultivation, maybe he could kill Kunpeng, and the blood mosquito needle could be saved!

However, Kunpeng's heart suddenly rang out, and he hurriedly shouted: "Mosquito Taoist, back quickly..."

Unfortunately, he yelled so fast, Lin Long moved even faster!

Seeing that he had already arrived in front of Daoist Mosquito, a force of time and space, centered on Lin Long, suddenly spread out!

Everything around, the water flow, sharp blades, and blood mosquitoes, all became slow motion, getting slower and slower until they stood still.

It's not that he didn't want to use this method early in the morning, it's really too difficult to combine the power of time and space, and Lin Long can only mobilize everything in his own position!

"Enjoy yourself..."

When Daoist Mosquito was completely motionless, a ball of water emitting three kinds of light suddenly appeared in Lin Long's hand.

Although it is on the bottom of the sea, the water polo is not compatible with other currents.

The body of Taoist Mosquito was still, but the fear in his heart was spreading.

He couldn't figure it out, this Lin Long actually had such an ability to stagnate time and space, so why did he use it now?

Seeing Lin Long's actions, the greed in Daoist Mosquito's eyes had already turned into despair!

The next moment, when the law came into contact, the Sanguang Shenshui suddenly turned into a big net, completely enveloping Taoist Mosquito!

"Do not!!"

The Mosquito Taoist in the water net roared hoarsely, but Kunpeng only saw the Mosquito Taoist in the Sanguang Shenshui in the distance, and his realm began to drop rapidly.

The three flowers fell off, the five qi dissipated, and then the primordial spirit began to disintegrate, and finally the last ray of true spirit was also melted away by the astigmatism divine water, leaving only the empty body.

"No, I'm definitely not his opponent!"

At this moment, Kunpeng finally understood that he was no match for the Aoki Dragon God in front of him at all!

No, not even an opponent!

It is impossible for him to even have the slightest resistance to the opponent's means!

Taoist Mosquito is dead!

He finally understood that when Lin Long said why you can't be stronger, it was really not provocation or arrogance!

He was worried that he would accidentally injure himself and Taoist Mosquito!

This guy wants to refine himself and Daoist Mosquito into puppet clones!

escape!

must escape!


		