

Since they are going to win over, there are some things that need to be explained in advance.

It is absolutely impossible to take advantage of things and not do things.

Hearing Lin Long's avatar, Ming He was not only not disappointed, but even more excited.

"Don't worry, fellow daoist, I, Styx, understand the rules. As long as you want me to join the Dragon God Realm and teach me the way of cultivation, I can agree to any conditions."

For a monk, the path of practice is more important than anything else.

Even for creatures like Styx who are afraid of death.

Lin Long nodded: "Okay, then you can swear."

It is definitely impossible for Styx to sign the Dao contract like Kunpeng, after all, the situation of Styx and Kunpeng is completely different.

But there still needs to be a way to limit it. At this time, the oath of heaven is a good choice.

Under Lin Long's guidance, Styx finally made an oath of loyalty to the Dragon God Realm and would not betray, and signed a series of 'unequal treaties'.

Of course, even under such circumstances, Lin Long still did not reveal his true identity to Styx.

Lin Long made sword fingers together, and lightly tapped Ming He's forehead with his fingertips.

In an instant, a ray of spiritual light sank into the sea of ​​consciousness of Styx along the fingertips.

Styx's pupils were empty for an instant, and a moment later a touch of ecstasy slowly emerged on his face.

"Sure enough! Sure enough, the Dragon God Realm has a method of cultivation!"

Styx trembled with excitement.

"Ahem, Fellow Daoist Styx, you have obtained the method of cultivation, and then we should talk about what you are going to do."

Lin Long looked at Styx.

Hearing Lin Long's words, a flash of disdain flashed in Ming He's eyes.

Styx hid his emotions very well, but it was a pity that Lin Long still keenly captured them.

Lin Long sneered in his heart: "Hehe, I know you are unreliable, but since I have accepted you, I have a way to control it."

Immediately, Lin Long smiled slightly, and said, "To tell you the truth, Fellow Daoist, the benefits of joining the Dragon God Realm don't stop there."

"In the Dragon God Realm, there are countless spiritual flowers and spiritual grasses. Even top-grade innate spiritual roots are not rare."

"Don't look at me now that I have reached the Consummation of Daluo Jinxian, but I really can't be ranked in the Dragon God Realm."

"Just now I have asked the Dragon God for instructions. As long as you can complete the task that you have given me this time, it is not impossible for you to move to the Dragon God Realm."

As a time traveler, Lin Long is very familiar with painting cakes.

Although Lin Long himself felt that it was a bit deliberate, Styx seemed to like it very much.

Styx's eyes almost lit up when he heard the words "Superior Innate Spiritual Root".

And his breathing was obviously a lot faster.

"Old stuff is pretty greedy."

"But I'm not afraid that you will be greedy, but I am afraid that you will want to withdraw after you get the benefits."

"The heat is just right now."

Ming He stabilized his emotions, restrained his excitement and asked, "Fellow Daoist, may I ask what mission the Dragon God sent me?"

Lin Long smiled slightly and said, "It's very simple, preaching to the wilderness!"

"It's simple..."

Just four words made Styx retreat immediately.

These four words are not so easy to say.

Ordinary creatures don't understand it, but a top power like Styx knows it very well. There is also a big man named Hongjun who wants to preach the prehistoric world.

That is a character at the same level as Qingmu Longshen, and he is not something he can afford.

If you get offended by this person, your life will be in danger.

Lin Long saw Ming He's concerns, and said with a smile: "Don't worry, Fellow Daoist, I'm not asking you to really conflict with that person."

"Dragon God has considered everything."

"You still have a chance in the future. You will not be the only creature in this huge sea of ​​blood."

"The Dragon God Way I passed on to you just now, you quietly engraved it in the minds of these creatures, and when the time is right, let these creatures change their ways."

Lin Long said with a smile that he was not worried that Styx would expose his plan.

Even if it is really exposed, it doesn't matter.

Styx is just one of his many chess pieces, randomly placed.

And he has what Styx wants in his hand.

Coupled with the constraints of the oath of heaven, as long as Styx is not stupid, he will not be easily exposed.

After Lin Long, the avatar of Taoist Mosquito, finished speaking, Ming He was greatly shocked.

There was even a hint of fear.

It's not how horrible the plan is, but Taoist Mosquito's determined tone shows that the dragon god has already figured everything out.

"It seems that I will create a race in the future."

"No wonder you agreed to let me enter the Dragon God Realm so easily."

"The Dragon God sees that I have something I can use."

Styx thought to himself, a layer of cold sweat was already forming on his back.

Since the Dragon God can count so far into the future, if he really has a rebellious heart, will he be counted too?

The cause and effect of the fate of monks in the Da Luo realm has jumped out of the world, and it is not so easy to deduce it.

After he told Taoist Mosquito about his intentions, he couldn't take more than a dozen breaths.

In such a short period of time, Dragon God was able to deduce all this...

Styx didn't dare to think about it anymore, and became more wary of that mysterious dragon god.

"If you are not fully sure, you must not provoke this person easily."

"I still feel at ease to get my benefits in hand."

"As long as I am obedient, Dragon God will definitely not attack me easily..."

Thinking of this, Styx heaved a sigh of relief, and was no longer as scared as before.

"Okay, since Lord Dragon God has already explained, I am willing to obey."

"I just hope that Lord Dragon God will allow me to go to Dragon God Realm after these things are done."

Lin Long smiled lightly: "Don't worry, as long as you have no extra thoughts, you can definitely go to the Dragon God Realm."

These words have a double meaning, coupled with that indifferent expression, made Styx more sure in his heart.

"Sure enough, my thoughts have been seen through."

"Fortunately, if you don't get any benefits, you will turn your face immediately."

"Heaven's oath is not so cautious, maybe it is also a test for me."

After talking briefly with Styx, Styx left the dojo with a complicated and somewhat excited mood.

Seeing the back of Styx disappearing, Lin Long smiled faintly.

"Want to take advantage but don't want to do things, how can there be such a good thing."

"Okay, I can't waste any more time, I have to go out and have a look."

"It's impossible to say about chance."

"And the matter of the witch gods of the witch clan needs to be investigated carefully."

Arrange the next layer of restrictions outside the dojo.

Lin Long's avatar, which is now Daoist Mosquito, turned into a black light and disappeared into the sky.

This is the case for the Daluo Jinxian to complete the realm across millions of miles in an instant.

Although he wanted to find out about the witch gods of the Wu clan, Lin Long didn't let his avatar go directly to Mount Buzhou.

Instead, let the horse rein, travel everywhere.

The first stop was chosen in the prehistoric world.

After the dragon and phoenix calamity, the dragon clan has withdrawn from the stage of history, and the dragon clan is rarely seen on the prehistoric land.

But because of Lin Long, the four seas are still under the control of the Dragon Clan, at least on the surface, but it is not as strong as the usual control in the past.

Just arrived in the East China Sea, Lin Long stood in mid-air and looked down.

At some point, a fairy island appeared again in the East China Sea.

"Well, there is no Sanxian Island, when will another one come out? There are still creatures on it?"


		