

"Everyone, please be quiet and listen to me!"

Fuxi stood on a boulder and shouted loudly.

However, apart from the human race that originally belonged to Fuxi's tribe, there were too many other human races, and the noise far overwhelmed Fuxi's voice.

"What do you mean! Didn't you say that if you follow the teachings, you will have something to eat!"

"That's right, I just came here after hearing the news! Chanjiao is a sect of saints, and the disciples actually deceived us mortals!"

"Maybe he is not a saint disciple at all, maybe he came from somewhere!"

"Let him out, we want food!"

The crowd was excited, and driven by hunger, human nature gradually began to be revealed.

Guang Chengzi, who was hiding in the cave, listened to the noise outside, with a gloomy expression.

These ants are really presumptuous!

Although they didn't say anything, the meaning in their words was obvious.

He is a majestic Guangchengzi, an immortal master from heaven, but because he failed to provide them with food, he was defined as a demon in the blink of an eye!

"Damn! This group of human races have never had so many benefits here before, and they forgot it in a blink of an eye!"

Until now, Guang Chengzi didn't understand.

Unless the human race is a cultivator who can prolong their lifespan, the lifespan of most ordinary mortals can be said to be pitifully short compared to other races in the wild.

A mere few decades may be a lifetime of a human being, but for a prehistoric world that lasts tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, and millions of years, it is just a short flick of a finger.

Many mighty ones may have retreated only once, and the human race has multiplied for dozens of generations.

Therefore, this has led to the fact that the thinking of the human race is far less than that of other races.

Especially when it comes to their own interests, even benefactors and friends can turn against each other in an instant!

Dou Mi En, Sheng Mi Qiu!


Outside the cave, Fuxi was also shocked when he saw the bustling crowd.

When he heard Yun Xiao talk about this plan before, he was actually a little hesitant in his heart.

After all, how could an ordinary human race who had never practiced have any influence on an immortal like Guang Chengzi?

But now, the facts are in front of us.

In the human race, a single individual may be very weak and fragile.

However, if a large number of human races gather together, even if they cannot compete with the immortals in terms of strength, the impact will be enough to shake the world!

Thinking of this, Fuxi also felt more and more mysterious about the old woman incarnate in Yunxiao.

He had been in the dark under the lamp before, and he hadn't noticed it. Now that he thinks about it carefully, this old woman who came to the tribe inexplicably is definitely not as simple as an ordinary old man of the human race!

However, the other party has been teaching the human race various technologies, and has no malice towards the human race.

If it weren't for that old woman, the clan would have lost a lot.

However, the current problem still needs to be solved urgently.

"Everyone! Listen to me first!"

"The food will arrive soon, and everyone has something to eat, but before that, there are some things that need to be clarified with everyone."

"It's not just me, the immortal master also has something to say."

"Everyone, please stay calm."

Fuxi shouted loudly, and the crowd gradually became quiet when they heard that there was food.

From person to person, from front to back, slowly, hundreds of millions of people began to listen quietly to Fuxi's words.

At this moment, Fuxi walked to the front of Guangchengzi's cave and spoke loudly.

"Immortal Master, we mortals didn't understand the immortal master's painstaking efforts before, and were ashamed of the immortal master's teachings. Only now do we understand that the development of the human race must rely on ourselves. I hope the immortal master will not be annoyed, and come forward to explain, so that our human race can restore the right way!"

Fu Xi spoke to Guang Chengzi in the cave mansion according to what he had discussed with Yun Xiao before.

With a few simple words, Guang Chengzi's previous trickery was positioned as a teaching to the human race.

This can be regarded as a step for Guang Chengzi.

Of course, this is just a step. There are still merits for the human race, and humanity will naturally have a balance.

The reason why Fuxi did this was also for the consideration of the human race.

After all, he can ignore Guang Chengzi, but behind Guang Chengzi is the Sage Sect. If it is really defined as a cult in the human race, then the fun will be great.

Immortal Master Guangchengzi will certainly be punished, but at the same time, the human race will definitely be hated by that saint.

Being hated by a saint is definitely a disaster for the human race!

And his statement made Guangchengzi say that it is wrong to believe in the idea of ​​gaining something for nothing, which would naturally disintegrate the influence of the teachings that Chanjiao had previously spread.

Then use the prepared food to appease everyone, and then take the opportunity to spread to these human races, it can be regarded as killing three birds with one stone!

Inside the cave.

After hearing Fuxi's words, Guang Chengzi froze for a moment, the annoyance on his face gradually receded, and turned into thinking.

He is not a real idiot, how can he be a guy who really doesn't understand anything if he can be taken under by Yuanshi Tianzun?

So, after only a moment, he figured out the joints.

I was saved by Fuxi!

"This human emperor is so scheming! Could it be that he has awakened the memory of his previous life?"

Guangchengzi was taken aback by his own thoughts.

"No, no! How can the awakening of the true spirit be so simple? If he really awakened the memory of his previous life, he would definitely not sit back and watch such things happen!"

Although he is a disciple of a sage, he has heard of the name of the Yaozu Xihuang before.

That is the biological elder brother of Saint Nuwa, and it is said that he has a lot to do with the mysterious Cyanwood Dragon God.

If Fuxi really awakened the memory of his previous life, in front of him, he would not even rank among the juniors.

"Shouldn't be awakened! Master once said that Fuxi is the heavenly emperor of the human race. Before he ascends to that position, no matter whether it is the way of heaven or humanity, he will not allow Fuxi to restore his past memories, even the saint Nuwa, I am afraid that I dare not violate the meaning of the way of heaven."

Guang Chengzi denied his own thoughts in his heart, and then he had a flash of inspiration: "Could it be that he has an expert around him to give advice?"

The old woman who appeared in front of him when he first came to the human race suddenly appeared in his mind.

Fuxi was very close to the old woman, and most of the time, when Fuxi was uncertain about things, he would ask the old woman for advice.

Before that, Guangchengzi was supercilious, so he didn't take it seriously.

After all, he is just a mortal, after seeing his means, he will obediently surrender and follow his own path.

But now, after this incident, Guang Chengzi's arrogance temporarily subsided, and he gradually realized the unusualness.

"That old woman is definitely not a human race! It's also because of her calculation that I can't say what happened this time!"

After thinking about these things, Guang Chengzi was very annoyed!

Such a mysterious existence has been hidden by my side for ten years, but I have never noticed it at all!

I'm afraid the other party looks at me like I'm looking at a fool!

He may not have learned much about Yuanshi Tianzun's skills, but Guang Chengzi has learned a lot about Yuanshi Tianzun's face-saving problem.

After knowing that he had lost such a big face invisibly, he already hated Yun Xiao in his heart.

However, the situation outside needs to be resolved urgently, so he can't care about dealing with Yunxiao for the time being.

Now he can only obediently follow what Fuxi said, just like a marionette.

Thinking about how I once came to the human race in the name of a fairy teacher, and I have been doing nothing for ten years. The only thing I did was to almost cause turmoil in the human race, and was finally rescued by Fuxi.

In the future, it may be difficult to raise your head in front of Fuxi.

"Hey, let's take one step at a time! After all, we can't really cause a big mess, otherwise, Master will definitely not spare me!"

Guangchengzi sighed, and opened the cave with a wave of his hand. According to what Fuxi said, Guangchengzi announced as an immortal master that all the previous events were just a test for the human race, so that the human race could deeply understand the importance of labor. Laziness must not be cultivated.

As Guang Chengzi came forward to speak, those human races who only wanted to pray for blessings could get food looked guilty.

Afterwards, Fuxi took out a large amount of food that he had prepared earlier, saying that these were all the labor he had led his tribe during this period of time.

While everyone was eating, Fuxi taught them how to hunt, how to make tools, how to raise livestock, and began to spread the knowledge of human civilization.

But Guang Chengzi had disappeared without knowing when.

As for Yunxiao, he was also standing in front of the tribe, watching from a distance as Fuxi led the human tribe, thriving.

Obviously, what she has to do has basically been done, and now, it is time to leave.

After all, she has already passed on all the knowledge that Lin Long taught her to Fuxi, and the rest depends on Fuxi to lead the development of the human race.

After what happened today, after those human races go back, they will definitely publicize Fuxi's deeds.

Fuxi, the general trend has come, just waiting for the moment to become the emperor of the human race!

But at this moment, a voice with a bit of anger came from behind Yunxiao.

"Friends of Daoist calculations! But, after the calculations are over, you want to leave like this, don't you think Wu Guangchengzi is too low?!"


		