

Longevity Hill Wuzhuang Temple.

"What's going on? Who is doing it, what a big battle!"

Zhen Yuanzi, who was practicing in the observation room, stood up abruptly and looked towards the direction where Lin Long and the old man were fighting.

Hong Yun's expression was serious, and he groped for his chin: "Brother Dao, why do I feel that there is an aura that is particularly familiar among the creatures fighting?"

Zhen Yuanzi was stunned for a moment, nodded and said, "I feel the same way when you say that."

Hongyun Town Yuanzi looked at each other and realized that something was wrong.

The two of them rarely interacted with the creatures on the prehistoric world, and there were very few people who were familiar with them. Being able to have this ability can make them feel familiar...

Hongyun Zhen Yuanzi thought of a person in his mind.

"Friend Lin Long!"

"Brother Zhenyuanzi, the one in this match should be Fellow Daoist Lin Long."

Zhen Yuanzi nodded, and sighed: "I never thought that I haven't seen you in these years, but fellow Taoist Lin Long has reached such a state."

The last time we met, Lin Long was also very strong, but Zhen Yuanzi and Hong Yun worked hard, and they could more or less see Lin Long's back.

And now the strength shown by the aftermath of the attack has completely surpassed them by too much.

Hong Yun said with a smile: "Hehe, if I guess correctly, Fellow Daoist Lin Long should have crossed the realm of Da Luo Jinxian and reached another level."

"What!" Zhen Yuanzi was startled.

In other realms, doesn't that mean that Lin Long has surpassed all the creatures in the prehistoric world?

"No, no, if that's the case, who will fight Lin Long?"

"Brother Dao, you forgot that there are not only wild creatures in this prehistoric world."

"Chaos Demon God..."

Zhen Yuanzi is so smart, there are some things that need not be said, even if it is just a reminder, it is enough.

"call--"

Zhen Yuanzi breathed a sigh of relief, and he believed Hong Yun's statement to a great extent.

"In this way, the one who fights fellow daoist Lin Long is a Chaos Demon God."

Hong Yun nodded and said, "I'm afraid it is."

Feeling the power of the aftermath of the attack, Zhen Yuanzi smiled wryly and shook his head.

It's just the aftermath of the attack, and I can't even block it without using all my strength.

They are both prehistoric and powerful, so there is a big difference.

"I really didn't expect that the difference in strength is so big. Even if I want to help, I can't do it."

Hong Yun didn't care much about this, but instead comforted Zhen Yuanzi: "Brother Dao, there's no need to be like this. Fellow Daoist Lin Long is a genius. It's not like you and I don't know. Although we are not bad at following, but compared with him , after all, it was worse."

"Besides, judging by the momentum, fellow Taoist Lin Long doesn't seem to need our help. Come to think of it, even if he loses, it won't be difficult for him to escape."

Hong Yun took out a ginseng fruit from his bosom, sat on the chair and watched the show happily.

Zhen Yuanzi has black hair, this Hong Yun's heart is really big.

See the ginseng fruit in Hongyun's hand.

"Damn! Hongyun! You're going to steal my fruit again! You gave Lin Long the last time, and this batch of fruit is just ripe! With you here, I can't keep a single ginseng fruit in Wuzhuang Temple!"

However, Hongyun is a fool, and will not take Zhen Yuanzi's words to heart at all.

Having figured out the key point, Zhen Yuanzi no longer struggled, and simply watched the show.

After all, it would be beneficial to watch the fight between strong players of such a realm.

Kunlun Mountain, Yuxu Palace, and the Three Qings gathered together.

Yuanshi Tianzun's face was gloomy, very ugly.

Tong Tian had a look of interest on his face.

As the eldest brother, Lao Tzu frowned, and looked through the hall to the southeast, which is the direction from the aftermath of the attack.

After a while, Yuan Shi said sullenly: "Brother, you can feel this breath too."

"Well, I didn't expect that Qinglong has reached this level now."

Tongtian glanced at Lao Tzu and Yuan Shi, smiled and said: "Second brothers, in my opinion, this matter is over, why don't you keep it in your mind, even if you don't want to admit it, you have to accept the reality. Don't say that any of the three of us One, I am afraid that even if we join forces, we will not be his opponent."

"Besides, it was your second brother who was at fault for what happened back then. He is proficient in the law of cause and effect, so he must have guessed that you were going to snatch the Three Immortals Island."

"I heard that Sanxian Island has now been turned into a dojo where the three races live, and he has re-opened a small world. The means are really great."

Tongtian praised.

But it was this admiration that caused Yuan Shi to be extremely dissatisfied.

"Tongtian, what are you talking about! We are Pan Gu authentic!"

"The prehistoric world was transformed by the Father God! He is a mere dragon, and he dares to play tricks with us. It's really hateful!"

Obviously, Yuan Shi was unwilling to swallow this breath easily.

Tong Tian shrugged his shoulders and said no more, that's the way things are, no matter how much he says, it doesn't make sense.

As for whether Yuan Shi can accept it, that is his own business.

Yuan Shi snorted coldly: "I will find this matter sooner or later!"

A look of fear flashed in the eyes of the Ancestor Styx hiding in the Nether Blood Sea.

After a while, he said to the Taoist next to him: "Daoist Mosquito, you were able to escape from the hands of the Cyanwood Dragon God before. I have to say that your fate is really great."

Taoist Mosquito's dojo was originally above the sea of ​​blood. After being refined into a clone by Lin Long, Taoist Mosquito simply returned here in order not to attract the attention of others.

I have free time today, so I simply took advantage of my identity as Taoist Mosquito to visit Styx.

But he didn't want to, the movement of the main body fighting frightened Styx.

Daoist Mosquito put on a forced smile and said: "I was able to escape, it was purely a fluke, and the Aoki Dragon God back then was not as strong as now, if the Aoki Dragon God is now, even if I try my best, I still can't escape."

Styx nodded, and had no doubts about Taoist Mosquito's words.

"That's right, this Cyanwood Dragon God is really terrifying. It seems that although this dragon clan has withdrawn from the prehistoric stage, it's better for the dragon clan to avoid provoking less in the future."

Although Ming He had never met Lin Long, he had already decided in his heart that Lin Long should not be provoked.

Looking at Styx's appearance, Taoist Mosquito's avatar smiled secretly and shook his head.

It seems that the refinement of my avatar was really successful, and even a familiar person like Styx didn't notice it, so I can rest assured.

Ming He thought Taoist Mosquito had escaped from Lin Long's pursuit, but he didn't know that Taoist Mosquito was already dead.

In the prehistoric world, there was more and more news of Lin Long fighting the old man, and Lin Long's strength and prestige also rose accordingly.

Invisibly, Lin Long's status was one level higher than that of the general great masters.

In the southeast mountains, the towering peaks with a radius of thousands of miles have been turned into a piece of flat land at this time.

In the sky, arcs flickered.

On the earth, the unquenchable fire of karma burns.

The space here has long been broken into pieces.

The old man and Lin Long stopped at the same time.

In Lin Long's hands, the power of time and space is continuously gathering.

After fighting for so long, the old man's strength has indeed exceeded Lin Long's expectations.

Without using the laws of time and space, I really couldn't take down the old man for a while.

This made Lin Long finally decide to use his hole cards.

Sensing the laws of time and space, the old man not only has no fear, but his eyes lit up.

"Hahaha, okay, Cyanwood Dragon God is finally willing to use all his strength, I can't hide my clumsiness from that old way, Dragon God, let's see my move!"

The old man waved his sleeve robe, and the next moment, the same powerful law of time and space appeared.

Lin Long's pupils suddenly shrank.

"You are the ancestor of raising eyebrows!"


		