

Seeing that the city was full of people, and even a floor tile was specially refined, and its grade was not lower than the middle-grade Houtian Lingbao, Jieyin and Zhunti stared with disbelief.

"This, these are Lingbao..."

Looking at the appearance of these two bumpkins, Zhao Gongming felt complacent, but he didn't show it. Instead, he pretended to be casual, as if saying that this was just an ordinary thing.

"Oh, these floor tiles are indeed refined from some of the most common materials, they have no special ability, but they are strong, so they were simply used to refine floor tiles, which made the two fellow Taoists who came from afar laugh."

After saying this, how can Jieyin and Zhunti laugh?

It's a pity that my brothers still regard these middle-grade Houtian Lingbao in their arms as treasures, they can be seen everywhere here!

is true everywhere!

"Let's go, let's go to other places to see. Although our Dragon God Realm is not as good as the prehistoric world, there are still some good scenery."

Zhao Gongming led the way ahead, and walked forward with Yingying and Zhunti.

The two brothers Jieyin and Zhunti reluctantly looked back at each step, looking at the floor tiles on the ground, wishing they could get down on the cheek and dig a few.

Take a look at other people's lives, and then look at your own.

As a monk in the quasi-sage realm, he only had more than a dozen middle-grade Houtian spirit treasures that he had refined by himself, but when they arrived here, the Houtian spirit treasures were only suitable for floor tiles.

You must know that the material itself is very rare to be refined into a spirit treasure.

In the prehistoric world, there are countless innate treasures after all. To be honest, among ordinary monks, acquired spiritual treasures are the mainstream.

What kind of city is this f*cking city? It's clearly a real treasure mountain!

Zhao Gongming ignored the reluctance of the two brothers, but led them to a mountain pass.

I saw the curling water vapor floating from the mountain pass into the air.

Upon closer inspection, Jieyin and Zhunti were even more horrified.

The water vapor floating in the sky is obviously all the spiritual energy that has already materialized!

Visible to the naked eye, the substantive aura!

"Presumably, this place should be a blessed place, otherwise, there would never be such a strong aura!"

Jieyin nodded secretly at Zhunti, and gently touched the sound transmission channel.

Zhunti also nodded secretly. Compared with the city made of treasures before, this blessed land is nothing, and the two brothers can accept it in their hearts.

At least, that's what the brothers thought.

However, at this time, Zhao Gongming, who was leading the way, introduced: "This is a spiritual spring in my Dragon God Realm, because the spirit spring is below the scorching ground veins, and the spiritual spring here is not as cold as ordinary spiritual springs. On the contrary, the temperature is suitable all year round, which is very suitable for bathing.”

"Bath? Do you take a bath with a spiritual spring?!"

The two brothers were more distressed than the other.

You must know that in the wilderness, spiritual springs can be seen from time to time, but those spiritual springs are only a few feet in radius at most. After being discovered by living beings, they are used to irrigate elixir and nourish spiritual roots.

But if you want to take a bath in Lingquan, it is absolutely reluctant!

At least Jieyin and Zhunti, who were born in the West, dare not even think about it.

However, after the shock, the two brothers accepted it silently. After all, they have seen all the masters who can use treasures to forge cities, so what is this now?

The two could only silently curse the evil boss in their hearts.

Of course, their faces never stopped smiling: "Hehe, this Dragon God Realm's aura resources are really rich."

Zhao Gongming glanced at the two, wondering if these two guys think that such a spiritual spring is the only one in the Dragon God Realm?

Otherwise, why is there a smile on his face?

Could it be that he looked down on the resources of the Dragon God Realm?

Thinking of this, Zhao Gongming didn't say much, but led the two closer to the mountain pass.

The closer to the mountain pass, the figures of the children of the three clans gradually increased.

There seemed to be something like an inn ahead.

Of course, this was also done under Lin Long's behest.

The celestial aura rose from the back of the inn, and every child of the three clans who came out of the inn looked refreshed.

Watching Jieyin and Zhunti felt itchy for a while.

Is it really so comfortable to take a bath in Lingquan?

It seems that if there is a chance, you must find a spiritual spring and try what it's like to take a bath.

At this time, Zhao Gongming just dodges, and flies upwards with the guide and Zhunti.

Even though they were mentally prepared, when they saw such a Lingquan pool with a radius of nearly a hundred miles, they still couldn't help blurting out.

"Zhao, fellow Daoist Zhao Gongming, you, do you call this Lingquan?"

The spiritual spring in the prehistoric area is at most several feet in radius, and the area in front of them is nearly a hundred miles!

Spiritual energy continuously emanated from the spring, and many children of the three clans were lying in the spring wearing simple clothes and enjoying themselves.

From time to time, children from the three clans wearing uniforms added something to the Lingquan pool.

Jieyin and Zhunti circulated their mana, looked carefully, their bodies trembled suddenly, and they almost fell from the clouds.

"This, these are all innate-level spiritual fruits, spiritual grasses and elixir, they just poured in like this?"

"This, this, this..."

Both brothers' lips were trembling.

However, Zhao Gongming didn't take it seriously at all: "Haha, the two fellow Taoists don't know that although this spiritual spring can only cleanse the body, it doesn't have much effect, but if you add these precious medicines and cooperate with the scorching earth veins to steam , not to mention the effect of eliminating fatigue, soaking in it will be of great help to practice!"

"To tell you the truth, fellow daoists, this is just an ordinary spiritual spring. If you have enough dragon crystals, you can also enjoy high-grade spiritual springs. There are also a lot of top-grade innate spiritual fruits and top-grade medicines."

"Even if you are in the realm of quasi-sage, if you go to take a dip every now and then, the benefits are innumerable."

Jieyin and Zhunti stood aside, listening to Zhao Gongming's description, swallowing continuously.

What kind of saintly life is this?

Even the saints like Sanqing Nuwa couldn't live such a life, could they? !

"Fellow Daoist Zhao Gongming, it's better, it's better, we..."

While Jieyin and Zhunti were talking, their eyes kept drifting towards Lingquan.

When they came to Dragon God Realm, they could be regarded as guests after all, could they also let themselves experience the spiritual spring bath?

Not to mention the high-level spiritual spring, just this ordinary spiritual spring will do!

Not to mention anything else, even if the two brothers can get two innate spirit fruits, it will be a worthwhile trip!

At this time, Zhao Gongming suddenly realized, and said: "Oh! I'm sorry, fellow Daoist, I'm talking too much. I think you two are quasi-sages and powerful, well-informed, but Zhao made a fuss over a molehill. Two, Zhao Don't delay the time of the two of you, let's go elsewhere."

After finishing speaking, without waiting for Yingyin and Zhunti to speak, Zhao Gongming dragged the two of them away without any lingering.

Next, Zhao Gongming wandered around the Dragon God Realm with Zhun Ti and Jie Yin.

What spiritual root planting base.

Lingbao mass production factory.

The Academy of Spiritual Practice Education.

Along the way, Jieyin and Zhunti were both terrified, and they saw six quasi-sage-level powers, and none of them was lower than his brother.

In the Dragon God Realm, what is really done is that Da Luo is not as good as a dog, and quasi-sages walk everywhere!

The two of them only felt that coming to Dragon God Realm was like bumpkins entering the city.

Later, the two brothers even got used to it a little bit.

After walking around for a long time, seeing that Jieyin and Zhunti were about to be misled by their values, Zhao Gongming finally brought them to the Dragon Temple.

"Two, the master just sent me a message, saying that I have finished my work."

Jieyin and Zhuntimu nodded, not fully reacting from the shock.

"Oh, oh, good, let's go to see Lord Dragon God."


In the Dragon God Hall, Jieyin and Zhunti stood anxiously in the hall, not even daring to raise their heads.

Before coming, the two of them thought very well. Since Lin Long said that he was willing to help him, the two of them must be useful to Lin Long.

Although I have something to ask for from others, I don't have to be too careful.

Even, apart from Lin Long, neither of them cared about the rest of the Dragon God Realm.

But after this trip, the idea of ​​Jieyin and Zhunti completely disappeared.

What the hell, what can this Lord Dragon God use him for?

The two couldn't figure it out even if they tried to break their heads.

In terms of resources, I am a pauper in the West.

In terms of cultivation, in the Dragon God Realm, one can see people stronger than him everywhere.

At this time, Jieyin and Zhunti really wanted to kneel directly at Lin Long's feet, not for anything else, as long as they could stay in the Dragon God Realm.

What the hell, living here is too moist.

Guiyin and Zhunti, who are used to living a poor life, now see the life in the Dragon God Realm, and only worry about one thing in their hearts. When they return to the west, how will they live on?


		