

The person who came was none other than Nuwa.

With a smile on his face, Lin Long looked at Nuwa who had become more and more beautiful, and nodded.

"Sister Nuwa, you have grown up."

Since he experienced the cause and effect of the three races, he can see it clearly.

Everything is a double-edged sword, and there is no need to deliberately avoid certain things.

Seeing Lin Long's nod, Nuwa's face was full of joy, and she took three steps in parallel, and plunged into Lin Long's arms.

"Brother Lin! You haven't come back for so many years. Brother Fuxi and I are very worried about you."

Lin Long stroked Nuwa's head.

"Okay, I've grown up so much, why is my temper still the same as before, like a child."

Nuwa didn't come down either, just stuck to Lin Long's body like a koala.

"Ahem——"

While the two were still talking, a light cough came into their ears.

Even if Lin Long didn't look back, he still knew who it was.

"Fuxi, long time no see."

Turning around, Fuxi was wearing a spacious Taoist robe, which was embroidered with some innate gossip patterns.

What a fairy dress.

Ru is a peerless young man.

When Fuxi saw Lin Long, although he was not as exaggerated as Nuwa, the joy on his face could not be hidden either.

"Brother Lin, why didn't you say anything when you came back?"

Lin Long scratched his head, looked at Nuwa who was hanging on his body, and said with some embarrassment: "I just arrived here, and I felt something when I saw Buzhou Mountain. I didn't expect to arouse Buzhou Mountain's breath, which alarmed you too. .”

Nuwa blinked her big eyes and looked curious: "Brother Lin, what is your cultivation level now? Why can't my brother and I see through you? Also, you said you can attract Bu Zhoushan, how did you do it?"

"My brother and I have lived in Buzhou Mountain for so many years, but we have not been able to get in touch with Buzhou Mountain."

It stands to reason that the prehistoric innate creatures should be more or less related to the place where they were born.

For example, the sun star of Emperor Jun Taiyi, and the lunar star of Xi and Chang Xi.

Or Styx in the sea of ​​blood, in his position, he should have some supernatural powers by his side.

But Fuxi and Nuwa, who were born on Buzhou Mountain, have no supernatural powers to connect with Buzhou Mountain.

This matter once made the siblings very distressed.

Now hearing that Lin Long could get in touch with Zhou Shan, Nuwa and Fuxi became curious.

Lin Long thought for a while and said, "Buzhou Mountain has a great background, and strictly speaking, although you were born on Buzhou Mountain, you were not born on Buzhou Mountain."

"The creatures conceived by Mount Buzhou have not yet been born."

"As for supernatural powers..."

Lin Long looked at Nuwa and Fuxi's slightly disappointed expressions, but decided to say a few more words and make a point.

"Both of you have your destiny, and your supernatural powers are useless to both of you."

"In the future, you will understand."

Nuwa was very convinced by Lin Long's words, and when she heard that it was not her fault, Nuwa immediately became happy.

"Really, Brother Lin, that's really great!"

"Brother Lin, you haven't been to Buzhou Mountain for a long time, hurry up, let's go back and talk later."

At the invitation of Fuxi and Nuwa, Lin Long also boarded Buzhou Mountain again.

The three quickly disappeared in place.

Just when the three of them had just left.

In Buzhou Mountain, several auras connected with the prehistoric evil spirit, slowly turning into human form.

A total of twelve figures.

Each of these figures' bodies exuded a strong evil spirit, and the bodies actually exuded a trace of metallic luster.

As soon as he was born, he had already reached the early stage of Daluo Jinxian, and it was still growing.

Among the twelve figures, ten men and two women.

In Zhoushan, a will came down.

The twelve figures slowly opened their eyes.

"witch!!!"

The first word he spoke was shocking.

The three of Lin Long who had just returned to the dojo naturally felt the vision.

"Huh? What happened?"

Nuwa Fuxi looked at Lin Long.

Looking through the eyes of Fa, Lin Long was startled for a moment, and then smiled.

"It's okay, didn't I just tell you that there are still living beings in Buzhou Mountain, those living beings were born just now."

"what?"

Nuwa and Fuxi immediately became interested when they heard this, and they both looked towards the foot of Buzhou Mountain.

Naturally, they also discovered the twelve ancestral witches who had just spoken.

With just one glance, Fuxi and Nuwa saw the strength of these twelve people.

"What a powerful body."

Lin Long said with a smile on the side: "It's normal, they were born by combining Pangu's essence and blood. On the prehistoric, except for this Buzhou Mountain, the twelve of them can be considered to have truly inherited Pangu's blood."

Although Sanqing has always claimed to be the authentic Pangu, these three are actually more of the division of Pangu's consciousness. If it is about blood, we have to look at the twelve ancestor witches.

Just after the birth of the ancestor witch, he did not pay homage to the four directions of heaven and earth, but bowed to Buzhou Mountain and worshiped Pangu.

The meaning is very obvious, that is, they only respect Pangu and disrespect the way of heaven.

As a descendant of Pangu, this is actually understandable.

But Lin Long knew that the character of the Twelve Ancestral Witches is fine now, but it won't work until Hongjun defeats Luo Hu and begins to master Honghuang.

Because the prehistoric world at that time no longer belonged to Pangu.

"Okay, don't worry about it, they don't have much communication with you, Buzhou Mountain is from the same source as them, the coercion on the mountain is impossible for them to climb, they can only live at the foot of the mountain."

Lin Long looked away, and Nuwa Fuxi was no longer worried after hearing the words.

Although my brothers and sisters are not afraid of these ancestral witches, but there is such a group of strange and powerful creatures living in front of my house, I can't feel at ease after all.

Hearing what Lin Long said now, the brother and sister felt relieved.

Lin Long turned to Fuxi and Nuwa with a smile and said, "Let's go. Speaking of which, the three of us haven't sat together to discuss the Tao for a long time. Today we will talk about the Tao, and it will just confirm the sentiment just now."

"Well, I listen to Brother Lin."

The voices of three people discussing Dao soon came from the dojo.

The ethereal Dao sound spread around Buzhou Mountain.

At the foot of the mountain, the Twelve Ancestral Witches of Buzhou Mountain did not stop worshiping.

After hearing the Dao voice from the mountain, the twelve ancestor witches all looked excited.

"It's the Sorcerer God! The Sorcerer God is on Mount Buzhou!"

"Quick! Don't be rude! If we hadn't had the help of the witch god, we would have been infected by evil spirits. How could we have a trace of primordial spirit like now!"

"The witch god is no less than my ancestor witch, and my father god, so you must not be rude!"

The voice fell, and the Twelve Ancestral Witch hurriedly began to bow down again.

At this moment, Buzhou Mountain trembled.

Inside the mountain, a statue in the shape of Lin Long slowly emerged.

On it, there is still traces of Lin Long's charm.

Lin Long is not here at this time, if he is, he will surely find that this statue is actually inscribed by Bu Zhoushan himself when he comprehended the law of power.

It was an unintentional move, but at this time the statue fell into the hands of the Twelve Ancestral Witches.

These twelve ancestor witches are like treasures.

"It's the statue of the witch god! The witch god blesses you! My witch clan will surely prosper!"


		