

After getting the congenital gourd vine from Buzhou Mountain, Lin Long originally planned to hand it over to Nuwa and leave it to her to create humans in the future.

But after thinking about it carefully, the gourd vine was withered, and the Nine Heavens Breathing Soil was also moved into the Chaos Pearl by himself, so Lin Long simply took the gourd vine from Nuwa and planted it here.

After putting it here, it has been kept warm, and Lin Long has nothing to do with it. He only knows that it is much better for this thing to be nourished by the chaotic aura in the chaotic bead than to grow outside.

But when he saw this gourd vine today, Lin Long was shocked.

I saw that on the innate gourd vine, rays of light flowed, and it had come back to life from the withered state. As for the half-mature gourd seed that was forcibly placed on the side of the gourd vine by Lin Long back then and nourished with the Nine Heavens' Breathing Soil, it has now become mature. Mature!

Lin Long looked very carefully, and there was a flash of light in his eyes.

"Sure enough, the previous feeling is not wrong."

When he was in Buzhou Mountain, when he saw the last seed of this congenital gourd vine, Lin Long had a feeling that this seed was completely different from the previous ones. The reason why it failed to develop was not because of lack of aura, but because the heaven and earth The law doesn't allow it.

Right now, in the Chaos Orb, this gourd species can at least grow into an innate treasure.

You know, there are only a few innate treasures in the entire prehistoric world.

"Wow! Master, what kind of spiritual root is this, it looks so powerful!"

Seeing that Lin Long's attention was all attracted by the gourd vine and the gourd, San Xiao and Zhao Gongming also followed Lin Long's gaze.

Bi Xiao has a lively personality and likes to talk the most, and after Lin Long heard it, he also briefly talked about how he obtained the innate gourd.

When they heard that this gourd could be transformed into an innate treasure, several people were all surprised.

Suddenly, Bi Xiao rolled her big round eyes, and leaned towards Lin Long with a flattering look.

"Master, you see, disciple, I don't have any spiritual treasures to protect me yet. I really like this gourd. Can you..."

Lin Long turned his head and said with a smile: "Well, you little girl, have you missed the innate gourd as a teacher? No, I can't give you this gourd for the time being!"

"Little sister, this thing is not suitable for you to hold."

Yun Xiao also spoke from the side.

Lin Long nodded. It wasn't that Lin Long was stingy with his disciples. To be honest, even though this gourd was mature, it was really of little use to Lin Long.

But it can't be handed over to Bi Xiao.

As the saying goes, a man is not guilty of a crime if he is pregnant with a jade, but Bi Xiao is only a monk in the realm of the Golden Immortal, but he is holding an innate treasure. Doesn't this make it clear that a three-year-old child is holding a gold brick and swaggering through the market?

It's just that if you can't pass it for three days, you have to be snatched away!

I can't always tie Sanxiao and Zhao Gongming to the waistband of my trousers and take care of them all the time, can I?

According to Lin Long's thinking, each of these little fellows would be fine with one or two mid-grade Xiantian Lingbao.

In this way, they will not lose their own face, and they will just be able to defend themselves.

As for the higher-level spirit treasures, although they are powerful, if you want to meet a monk of that level, it's useless for a few little guys to take any treasures.

As soon as Yun Xiao opened his mouth, Bi Xiao understood what Lin Long meant, and immediately said: "Yes, this disciple understands Master's intention."

"Um."

Lin Long nodded and glanced at Yun Xiao appreciatively.

Among the three Xiao, Bi Xiao is like a close-fitting padded jacket, while Yun Xiao understands Lin Long's thoughts better.

"Okay, let's not say that I am stingy. I haven't given you the apprenticeship gift I promised you before. Later, I will tell the Dragon Clan administrator to let you enter the treasure house to pick a handy weapon and two middle-class ones." Pin Xiantian Spirit Treasure!"

Now that Lin Long is rich and powerful, he really doesn't care about these Lingbao.

As soon as they heard that there were treasures to take, the little guys suddenly became happy, especially the little girl Bi Xiao, who kept shaking Lin Long's arm.

Lin Long suddenly understood why the younger junior sister Bi Xiao was the most favored in the later generations of Jiejiao. This girl is really obsessive and too lively.

But for Lin Long, who has always been in a high place and few people understand, this temperament can relieve his calm mood a little bit.

After sending away a few little guys, Lin Long walked in front of the congenital gourd vine again, and took a careful look.

Afterwards, he backhandedly took out a portion of the spirit vein that had been stolen from the West.

This spirit vein was in Lin Long's hand, like a newly born baby dragon, constantly entangled around his fingertips.

Under the temporary suppression of the law of cause and effect, this section of spiritual vein has no connection with the western spiritual vein.

Naturally, Lin Long was not worried that he would be influenced by the West after implanting his spiritual veins into Sanxian Island.

Just do it when you think about it, lightly toss the spirit vein in your hand, the spirit vein rises into the air, and the luck of heaven and earth spreads on it in an instant.

In an instant, the spiritual pulse shone like a shining sun on the entire Three Immortals Island.

Under the nourishment of the light of luck, the creatures on Sanxian Island seemed to feel that they had changed, but they couldn't say what changed for a while.

Standing aside, Lin Long quietly opened the pupil of the Great Dao.

Now his pupils of the Great Dao have achieved great powers and are approaching perfection. If Lin Long doesn't want to, even if he opens them, he won't be as grand as before. It's just that the pupils in his eyes have changed a little, but the power will not be weakened by half.

Under the gaze of the pupil of the Dao, Lin Long saw that the spiritual veins continued to expand, like fungal spores, covering the entire Sanxian Island, and the intricate network of luck was soon spread on the Sanxian Island.

As the owner of Sanxian Island, Lin Long's feeling is the most intuitive and clear.

Although Sanxian Island was also a blessed place before, it was not blessed by heavenly luck.

Now with this piece of spiritual vein, although Sanxian Island is not as huge as the Great Desolate Eastern and Western Continents.

But it is also recognized as a side of heaven and earth, occupying the luck of heaven and earth.

Even if the Chaos Orb is completed and separates the Chaos and the Primal Desolation completely, these lucks can generate a small Dao of Heaven.

At that time, Lin Long will directly be the master of this Fang Tiandi, and his identity is similar to that of Hongjun Hedao, and even a little higher.

After all, Hongjun is just the spokesperson of the Dao of Heaven, while Lin Long is the master of this world, so it is clear at a glance which one is higher and which is lower!

What he wants to do is like Pangu opening the sky!

The only difference is that the prehistoric world opened up by Pan Gu died of exhaustion afterwards.

And what Lin Long opened up is this world, called Dragon God Realm, relatively speaking, it is much smaller, so naturally there is no need to worry about such a big backlash.

Just as Lin Long was thinking, suddenly, the branches of the World Tree, which had been motionless all this time, shook slightly.

Lin Long had a keen sense and immediately noticed something.

"Um?"

Looking back, I can see that at some point, the young branch of the World Tree has pulled out a new branch again.

There is still a tender green leaf hanging on the branch.

"Hahahaha, it turned out to be a complete law!"

After Lin Long observed it, he was overjoyed!

The World Tree itself carries an entire world, and the laws that serve as support are naturally indispensable.

As the world tree grows, there will be more and more rules on the world tree.

Lin Long didn't think this way before, but now looking at the leaves, Lin Long suddenly had a new idea.

"If I keep cultivating this world tree and let him produce new laws, will I be able to master the three thousand laws when the world tree matures!"

After a little deduction, Lin Long found out that this method is really feasible!

"Hahaha, it's really worth stealing this piece of spiritual vein!"

Immediately, Lin Long sat cross-legged and began to comprehend the only tender leaf on the World Tree.

[You comprehend the branches and leaves of the world tree, and successfully comprehend the law of life, proficiency +10%]

[You comprehend the branches and leaves of the world tree, and successfully comprehend the law of life, proficiency +10%]

[You comprehend the branches and leaves of the world tree, and successfully comprehend the law of life, proficiency +10%]


Because this one is a complete law, and Lin Long himself has the blessing of great luck, the speed of comprehension can be described as abnormal.

In less than a moment, the law of life was almost fully comprehended by Lin Long.


		