

Outside the void, Lin Long and Hong Jun fought against each other, and the fight was so chaotic that the space was distorted!

Both of them had a tacit understanding and did not choose to fight in the prehistoric. Naturally, the purpose was not to completely destroy the prehistoric due to the aftermath of the fight.

After all, their goal is not to destroy the prehistoric world.

For thousands of years, the two have never stopped fighting!

Under the aftermath of the attacks of the two, countless stars in the void were completely reduced to ashes.

And all the great powers in the prehistoric world have been watching the fight between the two, each of them was shocked in their hearts and couldn't look away.

Finally, after a thousand years, the two forced each other back and stopped at the same time.

"Lin Long, you and I are equal in cultivation, no one can do anything to the other, why don't we just stop here."

Hongjun's eyes were deep, and the previous arrogance was no longer on his face.

This Lin Long was far more difficult to deal with than he imagined. After fighting for thousands of years, he didn't find a chance at all, and seeing Lin Long's appearance, he seemed to be able to handle it with ease.

This guy has become a thing!

"You can let it go, but Prince Dong, I must keep it!"

Lin Long also looked at Hongjun, that half-smile expression made Hongjun's teeth itch, but he had nothing to do.

"Dongwanggong can be handed over to you, but he can no longer claim to be the head of the male immortal, and let him announce to Honghuang himself!"

When Hongjun said a word, Lin Long understood what he meant.

Right now, the two have already torn their faces apart. With their level of cultivation, it is very difficult to raise the realm or kill each other. If there is no killer move, there is basically no hope.

What both sides can do now is to find a way to slow down the improvement of the other party's practice and accumulate advantages little by little.

The decline in Hongjun's reputation is bound to have an impact on the prehistoric evangelism.

But with Lin Long around, judging by his attitude, it is definitely impossible to directly kill Prince Dong, so we can only find ways to minimize this impact.

Lin Long pondered for a moment, then smiled and said, "I can promise you."

Anyway, he promised Hongjun a lot of things, not missing one or two things.

In a few words between the two, the fate of the Eastern Prince, who is now unrivaled in the prehistoric world, was determined.

Now that an agreement has been reached, there is naturally no need to do anything else.

And on the prehistoric land, seeing that there was no movement in the void universe, all the great powers also reacted.

"These two great masters have stopped?"

"It seems so. These two are truly terrifying. I'm afraid I won't be able to stop the aftermath of the attack when I wait for Brother Da Luo to stand in front of them!"

"Hehe, don't you look at who these two are? This is a person who has become enlightened in the last calamity, maybe even earlier!"

"Yes, yes, it is rumored that the Qingmu Dragon God already had a great name in the prehistoric era in the early days of Long Han Liang Jie."

"The Qingmu Dragon God doesn't seem to be the first group of dragons to rise up in the future! It's really amazing!"

"I've also heard that at the beginning, Qingmu Dragon God mediated between the Dragon Clan and Sanqing, and later at the end of the Long Han Calamity, he showed his might and established the Xialong God Realm!"

"It is rumored that the Dragon God Realm has a practice method that is different from Honghuang's. I don't know what it looks like. It may be stronger than the Tao passed down by the Taoist ancestors! It's a pity that I won't have the chance to see it."

Many great powers felt sorry for hearing the words, and they were even more curious about the cultivation method of the Dragon God Realm.

Soon, the figures of Lin Long and Daozu Hongjun appeared in front of Hong Huang's great powers.

The gazes of the two people coincidentally looked at Duke Dong.

Dong Wanggong suddenly broke out in cold sweat and felt uneasy.

He knew that now was the time to decide his future fate, so he didn't dare to be arrogant any more, and quickly knelt on the ground, waiting for his punishment.

Only Hongjun said slowly: "Prince Dong, I ordered you to be the head of the male immortals earlier. The original intention was to benefit Honghuang, but instead of making Honghuang get on the right track, you made Honghuang complain."

"Because the Cyanwood Dragon God is your guarantor, and you have made some achievements over the years, you will be spared the death penalty. However, you should step back from the position of the head of the male immortal."

"In addition, you should declare to Hong Huang what the reason is."

Lin Long stood aside and didn't say a word. What Hongjun said was something agreed between the two of them, so naturally he didn't need to say anything more.

Dong Wanggong felt like a big stone fell from his heart, he let out a long breath, and kowtowed.

"Yes, I know my mistake, thank you Daozu for your kindness, and thank you Lord Dragon God for your guarantee."

Hongjun glanced at it with disgust, and snorted, "I hope you can do it yourself!"

After finishing speaking, Hongjun turned and left, not wanting to stay here any longer.

Lin Long did not leave in a hurry, but looked at Duke Dong.

Duke Dong knelt on the ground and didn't dare to move. Although he knew that he had taken another life, he didn't know what the Dragon God above meant.

I don't have any friendship with him. What is he trying to do to save himself?

On the scene, all the powerful members of the Immortal Alliance looked at each other cautiously, not knowing what to do next.

At the beginning of the establishment of the Xianmeng, it was because the Eastern Prince had the title of the head of the male immortal bestowed by the Taoist ancestor.

Now that the title is gone, then the Immortal Alliance will also cease to exist.

Break up? Go back to each house?

At this moment, Lin Long above said: "Although the position of the head of the male immortal is no longer there, there is no need for this immortal alliance to disappear. It can be regarded as a force. As long as it operates properly and does not cause trouble in the prehistoric world, it can still be done." left."

After finishing speaking, Lin Long showed a meaningful smile to Duke Dong, then turned around and disappeared.

He can't say some things too clearly, otherwise Hongjun will catch him, and then he will have to find a way to insult Hongjun's IQ.

He left so gracefully, leaving only a group of powerful people, looking at each other in blank dismay, unable to recall for a while.

"What does the Dragon God mean? Let the Xianmeng continue to exist?"

"seems like it……"

"It seems that Daozu and Dragon God have not fully negotiated."

"Then what should I do after waiting for everyone in the Xianmeng?"

"Continue as usual, but your lord is not the head of the male immortals now, and behind him is not Daozu Hongjun, but Master Qingmu Longshen."

"This seems to be quite good, but Mr. Qingmu Longshen probably won't be like Dao Zu, who will go back on what he says."

Soon, all the masters understood Lin Long's meaning, which was to allow the immortal alliance to continue to exist.

Even if you don't understand why, but the big brother's meaning must be followed.

While rejoicing in his heart, the Eastern Prince also let out a long sigh of relief.

Without the status of the head of the male immortals, the fairy alliance will soon disintegrate, and those powerful men whom I offended before will come to the door.

At that time, I would not be killed by these great powers!

It can be said that even if Hongjun let himself go, his future life would not be easy.

But now with the support of Aoki Dragon God, the situation is different.

Whoever wants to touch himself and Xianmeng has to see if he will offend the big brother, Qingmu Dragon God.

This guy is no less than Hongjun!

Although what the boss meant was that his Immortal Alliance could no longer expand as it did in the past, after experiencing this incident, Prince Dong also wanted to open it.

No matter how powerful your subordinates are, that's all there is to it. In the hands of a real boss, they can be destroyed at any time.

It's better for me to stay in Ansheng's plan arranged by the boss, and live a more comfortable life.

It's just that I don't know why this big boss, Qingmu Longshen, protected himself and Xianmeng.


		