

The blood mosquito needle, as the companion spirit treasure of Taoist Mosquito, naturally has no effect of suppressing or absorbing luck.

However, he couldn't stand Lin Long's Dao reshaping skills and Qian Kun Ding.

Reshape and restructure with the Dao, then refine with the Qiankun Ding, and return to the innate from the day after tomorrow. In this way, a treasure that suppresses luck is born.

The blood mosquito needle could indeed absorb luck. In this regard, Lin Long did not deceive the western duo.

But at the same time, the blood mosquito needle also has a small disadvantage of "billion points".

That is, after absorbing a certain amount of luck, the luck will start to lose, and it will drop to an extremely low point before the loss will stop.

As the true owner of the blood mosquito needle, those lost luck will gather on Lin Long.

If Jieyin and Zhunti absorb slowly, stabilize their luck, and refrain from doing bad things, there will be no problem. Lin Long doesn't care about the lost luck, so he should do something good for the prehistoric people. .

But Lin Long was right. With those two personalities, once they tasted the sweetness with the blood mosquito needle, how could they endure loneliness and wait for their luck to slowly increase?

Therefore, Lin Long did not give this thing to Jieyin and Zhunti for nothing.

Under all kinds of pressure, coupled with the ability of the blood mosquito needle to absorb luck, these two guys will definitely not be able to withstand the temptation, and they will take the sect of the Sanqing sect and stab Hongjun in the back.

And just wait quietly.

"Thank you, Lord Dragon God, for giving me the treasure, then my two brothers will..."

As soon as the benefits were obtained, the Western duo committed the old problem. I was afraid that Lin Long would make them pay something, and Dang even wanted to leave this place.

And Lin Long didn't stop him, and smiled lightly: "It's okay, Gongming, I will send them out on behalf of the teacher."

Jieyin and Zhunti still wanted to leave alone, so they immediately said: "Master Dragon God, fellow Daoist Zhao must also be busy with cultivation, so don't bother him, we brothers know the way..."

Just kidding, seeing the richness of the Dragon God Realm, picking out two floor tiles at random is the acquired spiritual treasure, how could these two brothers not think carefully?

However, both Lin Long and Zhao Gongming knew their careful thoughts, and immediately Zhao Gongming said in a muffled voice, "I'm not busy, you two, please."

Being invited out by Zhao Gongming's strength, it is definitely useless to do any small tricks, but fortunately, this time they got the blood mosquito injection, and the western duo was not depressed. After bidding farewell to Lin Long, they obediently followed Zhao Gongming to leave Long Spirit world.

After sending these two guys away, a smile appeared on Lin Long's face.

Everything, just waiting to see the good show.


Besides, after the western duo returned to the west, they were extremely excited.

"Brother, now, we can learn from Sanqing and become holy!"

They can't wait to cut off the three corpses. After all, at this point, they have no treasures. Although they are disciples of Daozu Hongjun, but now Hongjun's reputation has dropped drastically, who knows if someone will covet them The majestic purple air?

Nights are long and dreams are many, as long as you become a saint, everything will be easy to handle!

Obviously, Jieyin also agreed with this point of view, and the two couldn't wait to establish the Western religion.

However, the merits from heaven were not enough to sanctify both of them. In the end, as a last resort, Jieyin and Zhunti made eighty-one oaths to the Dao of Heaven, borrowed a lot of merit from the Dao of Heaven, and became saints with the loan. !

So far, all the saints between heaven and earth have been born!

And the blood mosquito needle, as expected, has become a treasure of the Western religion to suppress luck.


In the Dragon God Realm, Lin Long felt relieved when he saw the reception and Zhunti who had made the oath.

"Finally, all the saints who should be born have been born, and it's not in vain that I have spent so much effort!"

Once a saint is born, he can no longer interfere with the affairs of the human race. This is the rule set by the way of heaven.

There is naturally a part of the reason for Lin Long's eagerness to help.

As for cheating Sanqing, the western duo, and Hongjun, it's all said and done...

Fortunately, Sanqing said that at most it was internal strife, but Jieyin and Zhunti founded the Western religion, made an oath of heaven, and signed the great cause and effect, then they are destined to go against the direction of Taoism in the future.

The battle of luck is the cruelest, and it is also the thing that saints are most willing to take risks.

What's more, Zhiyin and Zhunti themselves are not honest guys.

Of course, Lin Long wasn't worried that these two guys would attack the Dragon God Realm and the human race.

You must know, first of all, sects and races are different, and the luck of sects is not stable and can be plundered.

As for the race, unless it is to draw a large number of people under its command, it is impossible to snatch luck at all.

Besides, with Lin Long sitting in charge, Jieyin and Zhunti were full of courage and did not dare to attack the Dragon God Realm and the human race.

Therefore, there is no reason for those two guys to look far away and not engage in the Sanqing sect.

Then you just have to wait.


The prehistoric years are fleeting.

Before the Six Paths of Reincarnation, Nuwa was saying goodbye to Fuxi.

Once stepping into the six realms of reincarnation, Fuxi is no longer a monster, or even an innate creature!

Moreover, even with someone protecting it, reincarnation is very dangerous.

If one fails, if the true spirit fails to awaken successfully, it will be equivalent to death in disguise.

Even Nuwa's sage can't interfere with the rules set by the tunnel.

Therefore, Nuwa's eyes were full of worry.

On the contrary, Fuxi looked at his worried sister, and then pretended to be relaxed and said: "Okay, little sister, don't worry, you are already a saint, why do you still act like a little girl? Don't let people see it." joke."

"Um."

Nu Wa nodded, but there was no trace of worry in her eyes: "Brother, do you remember what Brother Lin told you?"

"Don't worry, I will never forget such an important matter, and it is also related to my future road to enlightenment."

Fuxi waved his hand and stepped into reincarnation.


The prehistoric land, the human race.

Razer.

A human woman was walking along the river when she saw a deep pit formed by huge footprints in front of her.

The woman became playful and jumped down immediately, and compared the footprints with her own feet curiously.

However, this seemingly ordinary action disturbed the innate energy if I didn't want to.

A ray of breath invisible to the naked eye followed the footprints and penetrated into the woman's belly, but the woman didn't notice it at all. After playing around for a while, she returned to the group.

Lin Long was standing on the mountain peak in the distance at this moment, with his hands behind his back, and he saw all the scene just now.

"It seems that this person should be Mrs. Hua Xu."

Although that Fuxi was reincarnated as a human race, after all, it is related to his future enlightenment, so naturally he cannot be born in an ordinary way.

Heeling is an unavoidable problem!

That's why Lin Long personally acted and set up an opportunity.

Afterwards, Lin Long pondered for a moment, then raised his hand again, flicked his finger, and an invisible dao rhyme followed the space, entered the human tribe, and penetrated into Hua Xu's belly.

"Forget it, no matter what, I was the one who asked you to be reincarnated. If you are not as good as before, that little girl Nuwa will probably blame me in the future."

As Dao Yun successfully entered Hua Xu's belly, Lin Long nodded in satisfaction: "It's all right now."

This wisp of dao rhyme was condensed by Lin Long's reshaping of supernatural powers with the Dao, in order to perfect Fuxi's heel.

The innate aura in the huge footprints before can ensure that although Fuxi reincarnated and became a human race, he can still be on par with the innate.

Now, however, the ray of dao rhyme that Lin Long shot out again with his fingers can make Fu Xi's heel rise, and when he comes into the world, he will be able to have a top innate talent and even a heel that is comparable to Sanqing's.

After dealing with Fuxi's affairs, Lin Long nodded and planned to leave.

However, when he turned his head, he saw a familiar figure pacing back and forth at the foot of Shouyang Mountain.

After a closer look, Lin Long couldn't help laughing: "Isn't this Lao Tzu?"

At this moment, Lao Tzu at the foot of the mountain was full of sadness, and he couldn't see the indifferent appearance before.

While pacing, he looked up at Shouyang Mountain from time to time.

That kind of look is extremely complicated, full of unwillingness and fear.

Seeing Lao Tzu's appearance, Lin Long was able to guess Lao Tzu's mind almost without deduction.

When I became a saint before proving the Tao, although Lao Tzu established a human religion, but because Nuwa released the Kongtong seal, Lao Tzu failed to get any profit from the human race, so he could only use his merits to prove the Tao!

But the merits of opening the sky are not endless, after some proofs, the merits of him are basically exhausted.

Next, if you want to protect your body with merit or use merit to assist your practice, you must find another way.

The most direct way is to find the human race.

After all, the human race has great merit and great luck. As the leader of the human religion, if Lao Tzu can get the merit of the human race, although it is impossible to make up for all the merit he consumed before, at least he can recover some losses.

It's just that Nuwa stood behind the human race, the saint who cut the three corpses to perfection, and then proved the way with the law, was more than a star and a half stronger than himself.

Without Nuwa's consent, how dare he touch the luck of the human race?

If you make Nuwa anxious, why don't you rush up to Kunlun Mountain and beat yourself to death?

The main reason is that you can't beat Nu Wa!

What's more, behind Nuwa, there is that powerful man who no one dares to provoke in the whole prehistoric world!


		