

On the coast of the four seas, Nu Wa and Lin Long both stood on the clouds, looking down at the sky and the earth below.

At this moment, Lin Long seemed to be a teacher teaching students to understand the world, and asked, "Nu Wa, what do you think of the current prehistoric world?"

Nuwa showed thought on her face, and after pondering for a moment, she said: "In the prehistoric world, although there is no battle between the two clans of Liches and there is some peace, but the other small clans have experienced the calamity of fierce beasts and dragons. As a result, they don't like to show up in Honghuang, so the current Honghuang is a bit deserted."

Lin Long nodded.

If he hadn't moved the second clan of Liches away by himself, those small clans in the wilderness would have been even more deserted.

Because of Lin Long, the two clans of liches did not show up in Honghuang. In addition, the Dongwang Gong's Xianmeng had been in trouble for a while, which made those small clans understand that it is impossible to fight for hegemony in Honghuang, even if they fight for hegemony. In the end, under the action of the top boss, everything was ashes!

Therefore, if you have that time, you might as well practice honestly in your own dojo.

This also leads to prehistoric, more deserted.

Although Nu Wa didn't like fighting, she didn't like this kind of desertedness either, and she said quietly: "If the Great Desolate Land can be more lively, it may not be a bad thing, as long as they don't like fighting like the two lich clans did in the past! "

"In that case, why don't you do it yourself to restore the excitement?"

Lin Long whispered beside him.

The voice fell in the ears, and Nuwa's delicate body shook, and thousands of feelings rushed into her heart instantly!

In a pair of beautiful eyes, Dao rhyme flows.

But Lin Long felt relieved and looked at Nuwa, knowing that Nuwa was on the verge of enlightenment, so he didn't bother.

After an unknown amount of time, Nuwa's eyes suddenly opened, and the eyes were full of determination!

"Brother Lin, I know where my way is."

"I want to create a race and change the status quo of the prehistoric world!"

Lin Long nodded, but did not speak. Instead, he looked at Nu Wa with encouraging eyes, as if he was saying, just do whatever you want!

Receiving Lin Long's silent affirmation, Nu Wa immediately pressed down her cloud head, stood barefoot on the ground, and her whole body blended with the heaven and the earth.

She didn't waste any time. First, she mixed ordinary yellow mud and sea water to fabricate creatures, and then used the law of good fortune to bring them to life.

However, after those creatures came back to life, in less than a moment, the ordinary soil and sea water could not bear this vitality and slowly collapsed.

"This yellow mud is a mortal thing, it cannot withstand the erosion of spiritual energy and laws, and naturally it cannot withstand your enlightenment."

Lin Long reminded from the side: "You can try Nine Heavens Breathing Soil and Sanguang Shenshui."

Now that he has the permission of Heavenly Dao, he can already cheat.

However, he could only remind slowly, instead of telling Nuwa everything directly, otherwise, if Nuwa lost that understanding, her merit would be weakened a lot.

"right!"

Nuwa's eyes lit up, and she immediately took out the Nine Heavens Breathing Soil and Three Lights Divine Water that Lin Long had given her, and with the help of the law of good fortune, added the Nine Heavens Breathing Soil and Three Lights Divine Water, and entered it with one mouthful of vitality!

The little figure made of clay gradually began to move.

With the activity, the color of the yellow mud gradually faded, turning into real flesh and blood!

Nv Wa had a feeling in her heart, and she kept making up three thousand clay figurines in a row!

At this time, the heaven and the earth realized that above Nuwa's head, the golden cloud of merit began to gather slowly!

The aura on Nuwa's body also began to soar, and then, from her body, the three avatars transformed from the three corpses also walked out slowly, and with the help of the aura, there was a faint tendency to merge!

Lin Long stood aside and didn't make any sound, so as not to disturb Nu Wa.

Seeing that Nuwa's three avatars were about to start merging, Lin Long's eyes flashed with worry.

The three corpses merged into one, and Nuwa was the true quasi-sage and consummation. Even if she later became a saint, she didn't worry about her foundation being unstable.

This is not comparable to the existence of a saint who forcibly uses merit and luck to break through to a saint.

There are two advantages to this.

The first is that in the future, the practice can be greatly improved, at least it can be improved to the perfection of a saint!

Second, this kind of perfect state of three corpses in one is also qualified to become a saint!

This kind of harmony is slightly different from Hongjun's harmony.

Hongjun wants to control the power of the Heavenly Dao, so he needs to be as ruthless and sexless as the Heavenly Dao.

Only in this way can we obtain the approval of the Dao of Heaven at the time of joining the Dao.

Of course, Hongjun has gone astray now, instead of joining the Dao, he wants to devour the Dao of Heaven.

However, if Nuwa becomes a saint after the three corpses are united into one, and also performs the union, then there is no need to control the authority of the heavenly way, but to make up for the lack of the heavenly way with her own cultivation, and she does not have to give up all emotions like Hongjun.

However, the premise of these is that Nuwa can combine the three corpses into one!

What Lin Long was worried about was that judging from the current situation, the three corpses seemed to be short of something, and they couldn't achieve real fusion!

"What is missing?"

Lin Long frowned slightly: "The method of beheading the three corpses to prove the Tao was created by Hongjun. If you really follow his practice method, you can only practice until the later stage of Zhunsheng, and it will definitely not be recognized and implemented by the Dao of Heaven. A place of negligence!"

Suddenly, Lin Long suddenly noticed the three innate spiritual treasures carried by the three corpses of Nu Wa.

It is the few innate gourds obtained from the innate gourd vines in Buzhou Mountain before!

A flash of light suddenly flashed in Lin Long's mind!

"That's right, Nuwa's three corpse clones have reached the fusion conditions, but the three spirit treasures haven't been entrusted yet!"

Thinking of this, Lin Long took out the innate gourd vine that had been nourished in the chaotic pearl and had grown into an innate treasure, and threw it at Nuwa's three clones.

In an instant, the congenital gourds hidden in the three corpses flew out, and under the traction of the congenital gourd vines, they condensed together!

"Quickly refine this thing!"

With Lin Long's low shout, Nuwa over there felt something in her heart, so naturally she wouldn't hesitate!

With her current cultivation level, refining the innate gourd vine is naturally easy.

Just when the gourd vine had just been refined, Nuwa's three avatars finally fused together completely, and those three high-grade innate gourds also fused into one!

Its grade has also jumped from a top-grade innate spirit treasure to a congenital supreme treasure level, and its quality is still rising!

At this moment, Nuwa's quasi-sage practice was completely perfect!

Immediately, Nu Wa sacrificed the congenital gourd vine, the vine was stained with the soil of Nine Heavens Breathing Soil mixed with Sanguang Shenshui, and flicked it lightly!

The muddy water turned into mud dots and fell to the ground one by one, and then, under the scour of the law of creation, they turned into new creatures one by one!

In less than a moment, the shores of the four seas are already full of creatures!

From Lin Long's rough look, there are hundreds of millions of them!

"It seems that because of my influence, Nuwa's creation of humans has also changed a lot."

Lin Long remembered that he remembered that the first batch of Nuwa created humans should have been 129,600 people, which was exactly the number of days.

But now that Nuwa is rising, hundreds of millions of human races are thrown out directly.

However, it doesn't matter. After all, Lin Long was a human race before crossing, and he was naturally happy to see the prosperity of the human race.

"This is the first batch of human races. Without the two Lich races, the vast wilderness is not afraid that it will not be able to accommodate so many human races."

Lin Long nodded secretly.

At the same time, the way of heaven has a feeling, hundreds of millions of miles away in the sky, golden clouds of merit and virtue float over!

Boundless spiritual energy swept in like a tide!

In the sky, a ladder is built, and on the left and right sides, fairies hold lamps, fairies carry baskets, the sound of the avenue lingers in the ears, spiritual flowers are scattered, and golden lotuses grow from the ground!

Nuwa's phantom image was imprinted by the heaven and earth, and appeared on the primordial sky, so that all creatures in the prehistoric heaven and earth could see clearly!

"Today, my daughter-in-law felt the desolation of the prehistoric world, and hereby created a living being for the human race! Human race, stand up!"

As Nuwa's voice fell, the way of heaven felt it, and there was a roar, which was recognized as Nuwa.

In the primordial spirit, Lin Long felt that the time was ripe for the ray of majestic purple energy that Lin Long gave to Nuwa, and the purple rhyme spread out, as if opening the door of all wonders, and Nuwa's perception of heaven and earth suddenly skyrocketed!

At this moment, the law of good fortune breaks through the shackles!

Nu Wa exudes a holy light!

The sage came to the world, and the purple air came thirty thousand miles to the east!

However, at this moment, she has only been recognized by the Dao of Heaven, and her merits have not had time to fall!

Nuwa has already used this time's perception of the way of heaven to prove the way with the law!

The creatures in the prehistoric world felt it, and all their spiritual thoughts immediately cast over!


		