

The Immortal Alliance is expanding wantonly, facing the great powers everywhere, similar to what happened to Styx is not the only one.

This kind of thing sounds like a joke, but it actually happened everywhere in the wild.

And on the top of Buzhou Mountain, in the dojo of Nuwa and Fuxi.

Nuwa and Fuxi sat in front of the stone table in the ashram, and there was a new cup of tea on the table.

"Brother, have you heard about the recent prehistoric events?"

Nu Wa held the teacup, took a sip, and asked.

Fuxi nodded, and sighed: "So many things have happened, and the East Prince made such a big fuss, it's hard not to know."

"He's really a restless guy."

Nuwa scratched her head and said in confusion: "Brother, what is going on with the Yaozu? According to Dijun and Taiyi's personalities, they shouldn't sit back and watch the East Prince be so rampant."

Although she was named Emperor Wa among the demon clan, she was conferred by Di Jun in Fu Xi's honor before, and Nu Wa didn't like being among the demon clan, and preferred to travel around.

Therefore, she naturally didn't know what big moves the Yaozu had made.

But even so, she also knew that the strength of the Yaozu was far from what the Eastern Prince could compete with.

In front of the real big forces, Xianmeng is like a clown.

In the past, whenever a powerful person dared to be so rampant in Honghuang, Di Jun would definitely be the first to make a move to let him know who the overlord of Honghuang is.

But now Dijun didn't move at all, and Nuwa was really curious.

Fu Xi picked up the teacup, took a sip and said with a smile, "His Majesty the Demon Emperor is currently working on relocating the world, so he has no time to pay attention to such an Eastern prince."

"Little girl, you haven't seen the small world of the Yaozu. Although it is not as vast as Honghuang, it is rich in resources. As time goes by, it will become more abundant. After the newly born Yaozu joins, it will be directly transferred to the small world. In the world, the Yaozu will usher in a period of very stable development!"

"And because of the migration to the small world, the conflict between the witch clan and the monster clan has disappeared. I also heard that the witch clan is also moving to a separate small world. In the future, I want to see the conflict between the witch clan and the monster clan It's hard to figure out."

Although the prehistoric land is vast, Di Jun wholeheartedly wants to unify.

But after seeing the power of Lin Long's subordinates, Di Jun finally understood that the current Monster Clan was no match for the Witch Clan at all, not Lin Long's match to be precise.

Di Jun could only change his strategy and let the Yaozu enter the small world to recuperate.

As for the Wu Clan, it was because they wanted to avoid the fate of exterminating the clan.

In short, it was only when the two lich clans had their own plans that all of this was made possible.

Nuwa and Fuxi were chatting, when suddenly their expressions froze.

"It's so courageous to come to Mount Buzhou without the permission of my siblings!"

Nu Wa said in a cold voice: "Their outfits are a little strange, they seem to be from the same faction."

Fu Xi pinched his fingers and counted, showing disdain on his face: "Who am I to know, they are all from the Xianmeng."

"Immortal Alliance? Isn't that the force created by the Eastern Prince?"

Nuwa's face was cold and serious: "Could it be that he sent his idea to us?"

The two of them, brother and sister, have never been involved in world affairs in Buzhou Mountain. Fuxi joined the Yaozu before because he wanted to use the power of the Yaozu to find Lin Long.

But with Lin Long's appearance, the value of Yaozu in their hearts is gone.

Therefore, during this period of time, their brother and sister have been living in seclusion in Buzhou Mountain.

As for the East Prince, the brother and sister have always kept the water in the well. Although the East Prince was making a fuss over the East China Sea, he had little to do with the brother and sister.

But now, people from Xianmeng actually came to Mount Buzhou!

"good."

Fu Xi nodded, he could know the purpose of these people by pinching his fingers.

"Hmph, I really want to die!"

Nu Wa's face was very ugly, just now she was talking to her elder brother about Duke Dong, but unexpectedly, the other party came to her.

Her temperament absolutely could not tolerate such provocation, and when she opened the dojo, the figures of the brother and sister slowly appeared outside the dojo.

Surrounded by thousands of Immortal Alliance members staring at the two brothers and sisters covetously.

Nuwa and Fuxi didn't panic at all. With their current state, they are hard to rival among the Daluo Jinxians.

Just these small shrimps are not enough for Nuwa to beat by herself.

Seeing Nuwa and Fuxi coming out, some of the powerful members of the Immortal League who had been to Zixiao Palace couldn't help taking half a step back.

Not to mention the combat prowess of Nuwa and Fuxi, these two seem to know the big boss who can be equal to Taoist Hongjun, Qingmu Longshen.

If you annoy these two, shouldn't you also annoy that one?

Some great powers were frightened.

However, they are in the Immortal League, and they dare not disobey the order of the Eastern Prince, otherwise the Eastern Prince will definitely make them look good!

In the end, the leading creature still bit the bullet and said: "Nuwa Fuxi, I will be the leader of all immortals, and under the order of the Immortal Venerable, I will recruit a group of monks from Honghuang to join the Immortal League and enjoy eternal life. The resources for cultivation are even more inexhaustible!" , what do you two think?"

Compared with the ancestor of Styx, the people of Xianmeng treated Nuwa and Fuxi much more politely.

It's just that politeness can't be eaten as a meal.

"Immortal Venerable? Return the head of ten thousand immortals? Dong Wanggong will really put gold on his face."

"If I remember correctly, Daozu was the head of the male immortals at the beginning. Besides, he is in charge of Honghuang Sanxian. I am listening to Taoism in Zixiao Palace. What qualifications does he have to manage us?"

Nuwa sneered, and Da Neng, who led the team directly, was speechless.

"This……"

Although the truth is such a truth, can't you be more tactful? It will be very difficult for us to step down in this way!

Da Neng, who led the team, was embarrassed for a while, but he still bit the bullet and said in a deep voice: "What do you mean, you don't want to join my fairy alliance?"

"What do you say?!"

While Nuwa was speaking, she had sacrificed a magic weapon, and this little girl's temper was that she would do it if she disagreed with her.

The atmosphere was tense for a moment.

However, at this moment!

"How courageous! Fuxi and Nuwa are good friends of this seat! Leave Buzhou Mountain quickly, or you will all stay behind!"

With the sound, a coercion suddenly fell.

In an instant, the thousands of members of the Immortal League surrounding Buzhou Mountain fell to the ground like dumplings, smashing the ground into deep pits.

But this is not what scares them the most.

"Could it be, the Aoki Dragon God personally descended..."

"To have such power, and to be friends of Fuxi and Nuwa, there is probably no one else except Qingmu Longshen..."

A group of surviving Da Neng didn't even dare to fart, and ran away in desperation.

"Humph!"

A cold snort came out, and Lin Long's figure slowly appeared.

However, when Nuwa and Fuxi saw this, they frowned slightly: "Fellow Daoist, who are you?"

What Lin Long descended on at this moment was Taoist Mosquito's avatar, and Nuwa and Fuxi naturally didn't know each other.

"Why, you don't know each other after changing your avatar?"

Lin Long's body moved slightly, and the phantom of the green dragon appeared immediately, as if it wanted to roar into the sky!

"It really is Brother Lin!"

Nuwa stepped forward excitedly, and asked curiously, "Brother Lin, what's going on with you, you still use a clone to come here, this clone is so ugly..."

"You little girl."

Lin Long was so stunned that he had nothing to say, after all Taoist Mosquito's good looks were really beyond his reach.

"My main body is temporarily closed, and it is inconvenient to come to Honghuang, and now that Honghuang is in turmoil, it is inconvenient to show my main body."

"Just now I saw that you are going to clash with the people of the Immortal Alliance. It is not wise to take action on this matter. Duke Dong is currently in full swing, so ignore him and let him make trouble."

Hearing what Lin Long said, the ice-snow-smart Nuwa immediately knew that Lin Long must have other plans in mind.

"Brother Lin, you must have other plans."


		