

"found it!"

Lin Long was overjoyed, the blessing of the Great Dao was so powerful, after comprehending the supernatural power of knowing the future, he only needed one thought to deduce what he was looking for.

Nuwa and Fuxi searched for the innate spiritual root for an unknown number of years but found nothing, but they could find the exact location within minutes.

With the blessing of Nizhi Future, he is simply a living compass for treasure hunting.

Seeing that Lin Long closed his eyes and did not open his mouth, Nuwa next to him couldn't hold back anymore, and asked Fuxi in a low voice: "Brother, can he really find that thing? It's been so old for a long time..."

Although Lin Long babbled about their search for the treasure, it was a treasure after all, how could it be so easy to find it?

But Fuxi didn't open his mouth, nor did he urge Lin Long. If it was so easy to find, then the two of them wouldn't have to search for so many years.

Even Fuxi was mentally prepared to fail.

Seeing her brother's reaction, Nuwa was helpless and circled around Lin Long, obviously impatient.

At this moment, Lin Long slowly opened his eyes.

"Hehe, are you guys in a hurry? I already know."

"what?"

The two brothers and sisters were startled suddenly: "Got it? Do you know where the treasure is?"

Obviously, this matter is really unimaginable, just by closing your eyes and resting your mind, can you deduce a treasure?

So how far do you have to practice such a deduction technique?

Fuxi was even more certain in his heart that if the person in front of him was not telling lies, he was definitely a top-notch power!

As for Nu Wa, at this moment, a pair of big round eyes stared at Lin Long motionlessly.

"I also ask the senior to help my brother and sister find the treasure. This kindness will never be forgotten by my brother and sister."

Fuxi said, calming down the shock in his heart, and bowed again.

Lin Long didn't procrastinate, and said: "Since I have promised, I will naturally do it, follow me!"

After finishing speaking, he walked directly towards the location in the reminder.

Fuxi brother and sister looked at each other.

"Brother, did he really find it? We searched for so long, but we found nothing. Could it be that he lied to us?"

Nuwa was skeptical, but Fuxi shook his head and said: "It's not important, let's follow up and have a look, and we will naturally understand. If he can really find the treasure so easily, then my previous guess is correct. It’s not as simple as it looks, maybe it’s a hidden power.”

"Okay, then listen to brother and see if he can really find it."

Nuwa pouted, while Fuxi looked at her innocent younger sister, shook her head and didn't say much.

After all, there is nothing so cheap in this world.

Although Lin Long has the ability to find treasures, but he only needs to pick one, which is very interesting. Fuxi sees it very clearly. As for Nuwa, when he meets more monks in the future, he will naturally understand.

Although Buzhou Mountain is a mountain, its range is extremely wide. Thousands of miles are not worth mentioning to Buzhou Mountain.

In the blink of an eye, Lin Long had already found the calculated position.

At present, it seems ordinary.

The Fuxi brother and sister also followed closely. Seeing Lin Long stop, the two of them naturally lost their heads.

"senior?"

Lin Long said calmly, "It's already here."

Immediately, without waiting for any reaction from the Fuxi brothers and sisters, he immediately took a step forward: "The pupil of the great way!"

In the eyes, the light suddenly shines!

Immediately, Fuxi and Nuwa only felt a sudden change in the surrounding world, and the next moment, a Dharma Eye suddenly opened above the sky!

The infinite dao rhyme and traces of divine lines in the eyes gather in it.

laugh--

Immediately afterwards, a divine light shot out from his eyes, brazenly shining in front of the three of them.

During this period of time, Lin Long traveled everywhere, and the many magical powers he mastered have also improved a lot. The pupil of the Dao, which was able to break through the barrier before, has also improved in quality.

hum...

Following the casting of the divine light, a barrier slowly appeared in front of the three of them.

Looking at the enchantment that suddenly appeared in front of them, Fuxi and Nuwa were shocked again.

"It's an innate restriction! There's really something hidden here!"

After seeing Lin Long's methods this time, Fuxi and Nuwa no longer dared to underestimate Lin Long.

Leaving aside anything else, the treasure hunt alone is enough to prove that Lin Long is not an ordinary character.

At least, they didn't have the ability to see that there was something hidden here just now.

However, just when the two of them thought that Lin Long was going to easily break the innate restriction, Lin Long put away his magical powers.

"You two, the location of the item has been found for you as promised, and it will be up to you next."

Fuxi nodded when he heard the words: "Don't dare to bother senior to take action anymore, this restriction will be resolved by my brother and sister!"

He knew that Lin Long didn't want to contaminate the karma of this place, anyway, the treasures here were sensed by his younger sister, Nuwa, so it's okay for his brother and sister to break the restriction.

Immediately, Fuxi gestured to Nuwa with his eyes, and Nuwa understood, and together with Fuxi, they came to the innate restriction and reached out to touch it.

As soon as the palm fell, the restraint suddenly burst into an extremely dazzling light.

And the aura of Daluo Jinxian erupted from the Fuxi brothers and sisters.

Feeling the breath of the two brothers and sisters, Lin Long couldn't help but nodded in admiration.

"After all, it is the great power of heaven and earth in the future. Even now, their cultivation has surpassed most creatures!"

In today's prehistoric world, apart from Hongjun and Luohu who have been hiding behind the scenes as the sixth child, the strongest should be Zulong, Yuanfeng and Shiqilin.

The strength of these three has all reached the perfection of Daluo Jinxian, and at the same time, with the help of the luck mastered by the three tribes, the strength has forcibly reached the point of false saints.

Further down, it is the perfect realm of Daluo Jinxian. Lin Long guessed that Lao Tzu among the Sanqing should be in this realm.

Then came the later period of Da Luo Jinxian.

In the future, some powerful figures in Zixiao Palace, such as Yuanshi, Tongtian, Minghe, etc., will probably be listed here at this time.

Further down, there are the present Lin Long Nuwa Fuxi and others.

Of course, if Lin Long wants to break through the late stage of Da Luo Jinxian, it is not difficult, and he can even do it at any time.

But there is always a faint feeling in his heart that his Da Luo Jinxian realm seems to be lacking some important things. Now he has not reached perfection, so he is not eager to improve his realm.

Just as Lin Long was thinking, Nuwa Fuxi had cracked the innate restriction to the last level.

puff……

There was a crisp sound.

The innate restriction was broken like a mirror, and the rich aura accumulated in the restriction burst out suddenly, and in an instant, a vision suddenly appeared in the world!

As the majestic spiritual rain scattered, Lin Long saw at a glance a young gourd vine growing in it, with seven gourd seeds growing on it.

But right now, it's not mature yet.

Even so, the three of them recognized the origin of this thing at a glance.

"Hehe, congratulations, I am very happy to have obtained the best innate spiritual root, the innate gourd vine."

Lin Long said with a smile, but the Nuwa was not as happy as she imagined, on the contrary her face collapsed.

"I found it, but this thing is not yet mature. When it matures and comes out, I'm afraid it will go through many changes. It's hard to say whether it will be our brother and sister or not."

Apparently, Nuwa was quite frustrated with this situation.

"Little sister, don't be rude to seniors!"

Fu Xi rebuked.

Although no treasures were harvested, it was obvious that Fu Xi had grown to respect Lin Long.

After all, what Lin Long said before has been fulfilled. There are seven gourd seeds on this gourd vine, isn't it exactly what Lin Long said before, there are many treasures?

Moreover, Fuxi had another guess in his heart.

That is, Lin Long can ripen these gourds!

Otherwise, with Lin Long's magical powers, it shouldn't be difficult to know that the gourd is not mature, so when he said he wanted to pick one, he must have a means of ripening it!

"Senior, do you have a way to make this gourd vine mature quickly?"


		