

boom!

With a punch from Lin Long, the fireball immediately shattered into pieces!

And those phoenixes also swooped over in an instant!

"It's a little careful thinking, knowing that words confuse me, so I took the opportunity to sneak attack!"

Lin Long sneered, Ni Zhifu had already predicted the good and the bad, so he no longer hesitated to make a move!

Since you want to die, it will be fulfilled!

"Hmph, seeing that you can transform into form, you also have the strength of a Da Luo Jinxian. If you don't sneak attack, can An Neng take you down?"

The Feng Clan who rushed over screamed loudly, and shouted: "Seeing that my Feng Clan is here, I don't know how to retreat and dare to attack, I am looking for a dead end!"

"Show yourself!"

Seeing that the three-headed phoenix gave up the golden dragon and pounced on him, Lin Long sneered: "Really? Want to see my real body?"

With a wave of his hand, thick magic power gushed out, directly blasting the three phoenixes away!

"That's right, I'll make you realize that you're unlucky, and you can't watch any excitement!"

Several phoenixes have stayed in the Feng clan for a long time, their eyes are higher than the sky, even the Daluo Jinxian once fell under their siege.

Moreover, the three races are uniquely endowed with their own innate inheritance, so they are not afraid of the Da Luo Jinxian of other races.

"My luck has always been good, but you guys are not so lucky."

"Um?"

Hearing Lin Long say such a sentence without beginning or end, before the few phoenixes came back to their senses, Lin Long suddenly opened his mouth, and immediately, a loud dragon chant went straight to the sky!

The next moment, a majestic giant dragon with a body of hundreds of feet, gleaming scales and angry eyes, with a faint blue light on the golden scales, suddenly appeared in the midair!

"Four, four claws!"

Seeing Lin Long's real body, the several phoenixes present and the seriously injured Ao Yi were all dumbfounded.

There is a clear division of dragon bloodlines.

Let's not talk about the flood dragons for the time being, let's talk about pure pure-blooded true dragons, and the best judge is the dragon's claws.

Unless there is an adventure to evolve, otherwise, the dragon race is destined to have a lifetime of potential since birth.

Among the dragon clan, several top dragon clan powers such as Zulong, Qinglong, and Zhulong all have five claws.

The son of the ancestor dragon has four claws, and the descendants of the three generations with even thinner blood have only three claws.

Although there is a saying that dragons can evolve, in the prehistoric world, there are very few dragons that can evolve.

Therefore, when these phoenixes and Ao Yi saw Lin Long's real body, they subconsciously believed that Lin Long was the son of Zulong.

"You, you, you are the son of the Zulong!"

Four-clawed real dragon, capable of transforming into shape, the lowest realm is Da Luo Jinxian!

This time, I really hit the iron plate!

The Feng Clan and the Dragon Clan have been fighting for so many years, and they don't pay attention to the Da Luo Jinxian of other races, but they dare not underestimate the Da Luo Jinxian of the Dragon Clan!

After all, the innate inheritance between the two races is at the same level!

"Let's go..."

The first phoenix reacted, and immediately spread its wings to escape!

The remaining two phoenixes were also in a hurry and flew in different directions.

However, since Lin Long showed his real body, how could he let them go?

In fact, if he wanted to kill these phoenixes, it would be easy for him.

The reason why he showed his real body was also to test whether he could save Ao Yi with the body of a dragon, so as to cut off the cause and effect of belonging to the dragon.

He doesn't want to keep carrying the karma of the dragon clan on his back in the future, it's still safe!

"Die!"

With a low shout, Lin Long swung his sharp claws, and a few space blades caught up with the three phoenixes in an instant.

bang bang bang!

The three heads fell directly, but there was no blood gushing out from the wound, but flames were burning instead.

"Hmph, the Phoenix Clan's life is indeed tenacious, but want to be reborn in my hands?"

Lin Long snorted coldly, opened his mouth, and in an instant, a huge suction burst out, and the corpses of the three phoenixes were all sucked into the mouth!

[You devoured three phoenixes, successfully comprehending the law of devouring 1%]

The three phoenixes were swallowed into Lin Long's body, and the law of devouring was working.

Lin Long only felt a flame grow out of his consciousness. Although the flame was weak, it was extremely tenacious and exuded infinite vitality.

As for the three-headed phoenix, they were naturally completely indifferent.

Obviously, the law of devouring swallowed and fused the natal supernatural powers of the three phoenixes into himself.

If the flame in the consciousness is not extinguished, you can be reborn!

"Yes, this law of devouring is very practical."

With the harvest of this law, it is not a waste of money.

Lin Long put away his real body and regained his human form.

"Junior Ao Yi, pay my respects to senior."

At this moment, the seriously injured Ao Yi spoke, his words were full of respect, and at the same time, a bit of fear.

Lin Long glanced at Ao Yi, and Ao Yi was shocked.

In the scene where Lin Long made a move, he had seen it. The Taiyi Golden Immortal had no power to fight back, so he could kill him with just raising his hand!

Where did this Dragon Clan come from? Uncles of the Dragon Clan, but I have never heard of such a person.

Among the dragon clan, there is such a four-clawed Da Luo Jinxian-level combat power hidden, and the dragon clan doesn't even know it?

"With his strength, even among the sons of the Zulong, he is the best!"

Thinking of this, Ao Yi's respect for Lin Long added even more points.

"Let me ask you, this place is not the territory of the Dragon Clan. You, a direct descendant of the Dragon Clan, why did you come here?"

The so-called abnormality must have a demon, Lin Long didn't want to get involved in the trouble before, so he didn't ask.

But now that he has made a move, if he doesn't think of a way to squeeze some oil, he will be too sorry for himself.

That Ao Yi obviously hesitated for a moment, but quickly said: "Senior Qi, the reason why this junior came here is because I heard that there is a super innate spiritual root born here, but I didn't want to fall in love with those few miscellaneous birds. Thanks to the help of seniors, otherwise this junior would have fallen here today."

"Those miscellaneous birds also have malicious intentions. It seems that they have planned it long ago. The matter of the spiritual root is probably fake. They may just want to kill the younger generation so that they can return to the Phoenix Clan to receive the reward."

Ao Yi had also checked just now, and there didn't seem to be any innate top-grade spiritual roots around, so he was basically sure that he had fallen into a trap.

The so-called top-grade innate spiritual root is nothing.

However, Lin Long didn't say much when he heard the words. The dragon and phoenix clans have had a long-standing grievance, and it is not impossible to design a complete set to kill the direct line.

After all, if the two sides meet, they will never die!

This is also the reason why Lin Long revealed his real body just now.

[You killed the Feng Clan with the real body of the Dragon Clan, saved Ao Yi, the direct descendant of the Dragon Clan, cut off the cause and effect, and comprehended the law of cause and effect]

[You use the real body of the Dragon Clan to kill the Phoenix Clan, save Ao Yi, the direct descendant of the Dragon Clan, cut off the cause and effect of this time, and comprehend the supernatural power: the transfer of cause and effect]

"Sure enough!"

Lin Long had made sure before that what he understood was basically related to what he did.

That's why he wanted to show his true body and kill those phoenixes.

Now, it really succeeded!

"Transfer of cause and effect, you can transfer your own cause and effect to other creatures, but it's a pity that you can't cut off cause and effect..."


		