

"Did Di Jun give birth to an heir?"

When Lin Long heard this, a flash of light flashed in his mind, and he immediately understood Hongjun's plan.

"No wonder this old fellow Hongjun always wants to marry Dijun, and the co-author is waiting here."

"It's hard for this old guy. As the Daoist ancestor, what he does every day is the work of mediators and urging children to be born."

Lin Long wanted to laugh a little.

He didn't know about Hongjun's calculations before. On the one hand, it was because of his own reasons that Honghuang had changed a lot.

On the other hand, Hongjun's cultivation base is on par with his own, and he is about to be in harmony with the way of heaven, so he cannot deduce Hongjun's intentions.

Now that he heard that Di Jun had given birth to a son, Lin Long finally understood what the old guy was up to.

In the prehistoric world, what is the biggest conflict flashpoint in the Lich's calamity?

Naturally, ten of Dijun's sons died at the hands of the Wu Clan, which eventually caused the Monster Clan to come out and fight the final battle with the Wu Clan.

In this way, the two races will never die, and eventually both will withdraw from the stage of history.

But now the two clans of Liches have their own small worlds, plus Lin Long is such a troublemaker... If there are no accidents, there will be no intersection at all, and the high-level leaders of the two clans will only stay in the small world In the interior, even if there are conflicts between the two tribes left in the prehistoric land, it will not cause a war between the two tribes.

Therefore, Hongjun can only make up his mind on Dijun's heir.

"In the past, I underestimated Hongjun, the sixth child. I didn't expect this old thing to advance the matter in order to promote the development of Quan Jie."

Originally, I thought that Hongjun was just for the heavenly marriage, but I didn't expect this old guy to play so big, not only to advance the heavenly marriage, but even to advance the killing of Emperor Jun's heir!

Lin Long sneered in his heart: "With me here, how can I make your wish come true?"

Immediately, Lin Long pondered for a moment, and said to the steward of the Dragon Clan: "Go back up the gifts, I will personally go to the Yao Clan to congratulate Di Jun!"

In his capacity, he was able to go to the Monster Clan in person, but it gave Dijun great face. This matter is no small matter. Naturally, Ao Yi, the steward of the Dragon Clan, did not dare to neglect, and immediately ordered his subordinates, the Dragon Clan, to fetch some spirit treasures and Splendid silk and satin.

This made Lin Long stunned for a moment: "It's all right for you to prepare Lingbao, what are you preparing for these beautiful silks and satins?"

Although these silks and satins are not ordinary silks and satins, they can be regarded as treasures, but it is inappropriate for Di Jun to give birth to an heir, so it is a bit inappropriate to present such colorful silks and satins.

However, Ao Yi's next words surprised Lin Long even more.

"Reporting to Lord Dragon God, this subordinate thought that you were prepared for the little princess of the monster clan because of the incident of Emperor Jun's heirs."

"As for these spirit treasures, they are for the little prince of the Yaozu."

Hearing this, Lin Li frowned slightly: "You mean, these silks and satins are prepared for the little princess of the Monster Race?"

Ao Yi scratched his head, not knowing what was wrong with what he said, and nodded immediately: "Yes, Lord Dragon God, it is indeed prepared for the little princess of the Yaozu, but there are not enough preparations for the subordinates? Prepare more?"

"How many children did Di Jun have? Are they male or female?"

He asked this question completely subconsciously. In fact, after a little calculation, he knew exactly why.

Na Aoyi also said aside: "Reporting to Lord Dragon God, Di Jun and the Demon Queen gave birth to two heirs, a pair of twin siblings."

Lin Long nodded.

Things have indeed changed.

The reason why Di Jun only gave birth to two heirs, in the final analysis, has something to do with the heavenly marriage he destroyed.

Originally, if Di Jun married Taiyin Xingxi and the two daughters, they should have given birth to ten offspring, and all of them would be sons, that is, ten Jinwu princes!

Because Dijun is ambitious and talented, if his pure bloodline continues, it must be male.

Only when the blood is not pure, can it be possible to give birth to females.

Because he broke the heavenly marriage, Di Jun failed to marry the second daughter of the Taiyin Star, and the demon queen that Hongjun sent him to bed was not bad, but compared with Xihe and Changxi, it was worse. a lot.

The demon queen's heel could only bear the bloodline that gave birth to two Golden Crows, and it was not pure, so this happened.

Obviously, it is impossible for the top ten princes of the Golden Crow who were said to have turned ten days into the sky to exist in later generations.

But it doesn't matter.

"Hongjun's plan is still the same as before. Let the people of the Wu clan attack Dijun's heirs, and then stir up disputes. It doesn't matter whether they are the top ten princes or not."

There was a smile on the corner of Lin Long's mouth. If this is the case, then he has something to do.

There are quite a few young, strong and handsome guys in the Witch Clan. If the two clans marry together, wouldn't it be even more difficult for the Lich Clan to fight?

How dare you, Hongjun, shamelessly send the demon queen to God Jun's bed, and you Uncle Lin, how dare you shamelessly send Di Jun's daughter to the bed of the witch clan!

Anyway, everyone has the same level of cultivation, you can be shameless, why should I?

When Hongjun knew that he had spent a long time with his old strength and ended up personally giving Dijun the offspring he made to be married to the Wu Clan, he didn't know what expression he would have.

"Master Dragon God, do you still need to prepare this silk?"

Seeing Lin Long thinking, Ao Yi asked cautiously.

Lin Long came back to his senses, and immediately said: "Yes, why not? It's a good job!"

These gifts are not important, Lin Long is thinking about another thing now.

"I remember that there is also a special innate spiritual root in the wilderness, called the Marriage Tree, which specializes in marriage matters. Although it is not as good as the top ten spiritual roots, it is also a rare treasure."

Using Lin Long's method, he found this marriage tree, and used the branches of the marriage tree to refine two magic weapons and gave them to the princess of the monster clan and a strong witch clan respectively. Wouldn't that directly lock the marriage relationship?

You don't even need to do it yourself, the two parties can be closely integrated.

"Okay, put these things here, and I will figure out the rest by myself."

Lin Long waved his hand, Ao Yi and the senior officials of the three clans nodded and retreated.

But the six-eared macaque wanted to announce the good news to the master, but it didn't work out. Zhao Gongming saw that the master was busy, so he took the six-eared macaque to Sanxiao and left the Dragon Temple.

As for Lin Long, he was thinking about the Marriage Tree.

For others, it is quite difficult to search for an innate spiritual root that has no news in the wild.

However, Lin Long, who has the supernatural power to know the future, is able to capture it with his hands.

With the improvement of cultivation base, the future field of vision of Inverse Knowledge's future search is also wider.

Lin Long returned to the Dragon God Hall, sat on the futon, and immediately performed the Future Reversing.

"Know the future!"

The supernatural powers are running, and the reminder is reappearing.

[You have used your supernatural powers to know the future, you want to search for the marriage tree with innate spiritual roots, and you have searched westward for 20,000 years, but found nothing]

[You have used your magical powers to know the future, you want to search for the innate spiritual root marriage tree, searched northward for 17,000 years, but found nothing]

[You have used your magical powers to know the future, you want to search for the innate spiritual root marriage tree, searched south for fifteen thousand years, but found nothing]

[You have used your magical powers to know the future. You want to search for the innate spiritual root marriage tree. You searched eastward for four thousand years, and finally found a tree full of cause and effect on the edge of a cliff fourteen trillion three thousand miles away. The innate spiritual root of the law, you go to investigate first with your real body, and find that it is the marriage tree you are looking for]

As the reminder emerged in his mind, Lin Long also put away his magical powers.

"Four thousand years, fourteen trillion three thousand miles! The prehistoric world is so big that it has no bounds."

Four thousand years does not refer to Lin Long flying eastwards for four thousand years, but continuous searching.

If he rushed at full speed in a straight line, with his strength, it would not take long for fourteen trillion three thousand miles.

But right now he doesn't have the time to explore where the prehistoric border is. His goal is the Marriage Tree.

One thought of a sage can explore the world, and Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian is in the same realm as a sage, which is naturally not bad. Combined with the supernatural power of knowing the future, as long as there is no such thing as Hongjun who deliberately hides things against him, this prehistoric world will not be destroyed. It's vast, but there's really nothing you can't find.

Now that he has found the Marriage Tree, it proves that Hongjun did not interfere with him. Now Lin Long no longer hesitated, and immediately used his magical powers to leave the Dragon God Realm.

With his strength, and the effort to keep his glass of wine warm, he has come to fourteen trillion three thousand miles away, the place indicated by the future.

On the side of a cliff, a thick and big tree wrapped in red threads stood quietly here.

Just as Lin Long wanted to go forward to investigate, he suddenly noticed someone nearby.

"Ahem, fellow Taoist, this spiritual root already has an owner."

I saw an old man with white hair and red robe coming out from behind the thick tree.


		