

"If I'm not mistaken, the two of you are trying to... rob?"

Lin Long still looked calm, looking at Yingying and Zhunti lightly.

Zhunti smiled, showing two snow-white front teeth: "Fellow Daoist, don't mistake yourself, you have to understand that treasures belong to those who are capable."

Jieyin didn't speak, but directly sacrificed a bamboo stick. Looking at his appearance, it was obvious that he had the same idea as Zhunti, and Lin Long and the others were determined.

With just one glance, Lin Long saw the origin of the bamboo stick.

"This is a good thing!"

The bamboo stick in Jieyin's hand is not an ordinary bamboo, but one of the ten innate best spiritual roots, transformed by six pure bamboos.

It's just that the refining level of this guide is limited, and it can't fully utilize the potential of the six clean bamboos.

His refining skills are limited, but someone from Lin's refining skills are not bad!

Lin Long couldn't help being tempted.

His body is a green dragon, instinctively sensitive to wood attribute spirits.

Put these six pure bamboos into the chaotic beads to warm them up, and then refine them again. It is not impossible to refine them into top-grade treasures!

Moreover, since Lin Long traveled for so long, he has obtained quite a few treasures, but he has no weapons at hand.

This thing is just right!

It's really dozing off, and someone sent a pillow!

Looking at Lin Long's expression, the penetrating Bi Xiaodang even guessed the reason, then, looking at the six pure bamboos in Jieyin's hand, he said with a smirk: "Master, I think what the two of them said has something to do with it." Truth, treasures, those who are capable live there, or else, we..."

Lin Long hadn't opened his mouth yet, but Jieyin and Zhunti suddenly froze for a moment. After so many years of catastrophe, it was the first time they met such a robbed person who knew the times.

"Hahahaha, fellow daoist, your disciple is still on the way. You see, your disciple also said that treasures are for those who are capable, so why don't you hurry up and hand over your protective treasure!"

Zhunti spoke, and Jieyin also chimed in: "That's right, and your disciples can't come here in vain, and hand over the treasures on your body!"

These two guys are completely gangsters.

As for Lin Long, he took a strange look at Jieyin Zhunti: "Are you sure that treasures are for those who are capable?"

"certainly!"

Jieyin and Zhunti felt that they had already eaten Lin Long and the others, and greed and sarcasm appeared in their eyes.

Being frightened and handing over the treasure, such creatures are also worthy of cultivation!

"Okay, since you agree, then I have nothing to say."

Lin Long nodded and said, "Since that's the case, you two, hand over your treasures, I don't want to dirty my hands!"

"What did you say?"

Jieyin and Zhunti were immediately stunned, and when they realized it, they were immediately annoyed: "Boy, do you want to court death? Hand over the treasure quickly!"

However, before Lin Long could speak, Bi Xiao, who was standing behind Lin Long, held Lin Long's sleeves tightly, poked his head out and said, "Hey, you two guys are not the treasures and capable people you said you are!" Is it home? According to your intention, your treasures should be honored to our master!"

After finishing speaking, Bi Xiao shrank back behind Lin Long.

"Little girl is eloquent, why should he..."

However, before he could finish his sentence, there was a thud, and Zhunti suddenly felt pain, and when he looked down, he saw a cyan dragon claw coming out of his chest with a thud!

Immediately, an outrageous momentum suddenly burst out behind Zhunti!

"This...this is far beyond Da Luo Jinxian's aura!"

As soon as the momentum appeared, Zhunti and Jieying, who had been pierced through their chests, knelt down on the ground as if the sky was pressing down on them with a plop, and directly smashed a deep hole in the ground!

"With such strength, you still want to sneak attack?"

Zhunti couldn't figure it out, and he didn't have time to figure it out, the dragon claw on his chest pulled out, splashing blood everywhere.

"It's because my strength is stronger than yours!"

At this time, Lin Long's voice sounded leisurely.

A lion needs all his strength to fight a rabbit, and he doesn't want to capsize in the gutter, so even if he encounters someone whose cultivation level is not as good as his, he must sneak attack if he should!

At this time, the greed in the eyes of the western duo had already turned into panic.

"Dao, Fellow Daoist, this is all a misunderstanding..."

Jieyin stumbled and said, at this moment his heart was full of remorse.

What I regret is that I shouldn't provoke such a powerful Lin Long.

What I hate is that such a powerful Lin Long actually seduced him to do it!

If he hadn't deliberately concealed his strength, would he have chosen to rob?

It's all his fault!

"You two are also worthy of being called friends with my master?"

Bi Xiao walked over arrogantly, and shouted: "Hmph, if it wasn't that my master is stronger than you, is this still a misunderstanding?"

Speaking of this, Bi Xiao turned to look at Lin Long again: "Master, these two guys are really bad, if you want me to see it, it's better to get rid of them!"

As soon as the little girl spoke, cold sweat broke out on Jieyin He Zhunti's forehead.

A timid and cautious little girl who looks harmless to humans and animals, she is about to overthrow our brothers. Are all living beings so cruel nowadays?

"Senior, this is a misunderstanding, really a misunderstanding!"

Seeing the two guys crying, even Daoist friends didn't dare to call out anymore, Lin Long smiled lightly and said, "Actually, I agree with you, treasures belong to those who are capable, so now you Shouldn't you hand over your treasures?"

In fact, it's not that Lin Long didn't think about killing these two guys directly here.

But after thinking about it carefully, Lin Long gave up this idea again.

Although these two guys are shameless, they are the future Six Sages of Heaven and Earth designated by the Dao of Heaven. If I kill them here, I will bear the karma of the future for no reason.

Besides, even if they are killed, there is no guarantee that there will not be a second acceptance request next time.

Lin Long naturally didn't want to do such a thankless and arduous task that had to bear the cause and effect.

Make money for yourself, don't kill yourself!

With a strong cultivation base as their backing, these two guys can't afford to make waves!

Besides, wouldn't it be better to keep two shameless guys to rob houses and find them to rob again and again than to search for treasures by yourself?

In this way, you don't have to bear the karma of robbing others, and you can kill multiple birds with one stone.

Lin Long's words were understated, but Jieyin and Zhunti's expressions changed drastically.

"Senior, senior, you are joking, if our brothers have treasures, we wouldn't come to ask senior for it..."

It is said to be seeking, but it is actually robbery!

With the usual character of the two seniors, they always just go in and out, and now being robbed is even more uncomfortable than killing them.

"Humph!"

Lin Long didn't speak any more, but the power of the law was slowly condensing, and the aura pressing on Jieyin and Zhunti became stronger and stronger.

Na Zhunti was injured by Lin Long's sneak attack, but now under this pressure, the injury is even more serious.

The eyes of the two of them looking at Lin Long were also full of fear.

This guy is stronger than he imagined before!

As time passed, Jieyin and Zhunti's bones creaked, as if they were about to collapse at any moment.

However, Lin Long's aura and coercion seemed to have no limit, and it was still slowly increasing.

"Senior, I, we hand it over, we hand it over!"

Finally, Zhunti rolled his eyes because of being crushed, and then he spoke up quickly to meet his distressed junior brother.

"Isn't it already possible?"

Lin Long opened his mouth lightly, and immediately, the coercion was removed, and the reception and Zhunti on the ground were panting heavily, and they seemed to feel a lot lighter all of a sudden.

Staggering to his feet, he helped Zhunti up, and then said bitterly, "I don't know what treasure senior wants?"

Lin Long pondered for a moment, then said: "The six pure bamboos on your body and the seven treasures tree on his body are destined to me, so hand them over."

"Oh, by the way, I heard that you also have a golden lotus of merit. This thing is also destined for me, so let's hand it over together."

The reason why he said this is that Lin Long was not sure when the western duo got the Golden Lotus of Merit.

There are two versions of the golden lotus of merit, one is to guide the two brothers Zhunti to find it by themselves.

The second is that Hongjun gave it to the western duo in the future to suppress the luck of the western religion.

But according to Lin Long's guess, after Hongjun overthrew Rahu, he had always despised the western land. If it wasn't for the existence of the way of heaven, he would not even let the people of the west prove the way and become holy.

Otherwise, it would not be possible to accept the western duo as registered disciples instead of direct disciples.

How could Hongjun give them such a treasure as the golden lotus of merit?

In contrast, Lin Long is more inclined to the first theory, that is, the golden lotus of merit was originally found by the Western duo on their own.

Of course, whether to find or snatch it is another matter.

When Jieyin and Zhunti who had just got up heard Lin Long's words, they almost fell down again.

Wozhinima, how dare you want it!

Opening the mouth is the three best innate spirit treasures!

"No, no!"

The three treasures that Lin Long wanted could be said to be the lifeblood of the two brothers, and they were also the only three innate treasures in their hands. No matter what, they were reluctant to part with them, so Zhunti blurted them out subconsciously.

However, when Lin Long heard this, he glanced at Zhunti in surprise.

This guy is still a master who would risk his life and money.

If he doesn't use some means, this guy really doesn't want to hand it over!

"In that case, I will kill you all, and I will take the treasure myself!"

Lin Long's eyes instantly turned cold, and the words fell, and the Law of Devouring, which had been cultivated to perfection, suddenly appeared.

In the void, there seemed to be a monstrous mouth, and a terrifyingly powerful suction burst out from that mouth!

Jieyin and Zhunti, who were already staggering, even felt that their souls were under this suction, shaking constantly and unable to stand still.

The magic power in the whole body can't be lifted even a little bit!

It wasn't until this time that they really felt how big the gap between themselves and Lin Long was!

In the hands of the person in front of him, the two brothers and sisters have absolutely no power to fight back!

If he wants something, he has no choice but to hand it over!

Just like what the other party said, it's not troublesome to kill your two brothers and then get the treasure!

"Senior, if you kill us, you will be contaminated with karma. My brothers are Da Luo Jinxian after all..."

Zhunti coughed up blood, but still didn't want to give up struggling.

However, Lin Long didn't pay attention to it at all, but directly expanded his luck!

The vast avenue of luck has enveloped most of the west!

In an instant, the sky and the earth were silent, and countless western beings bowed to this side to worship the boundless luck!

"This, this luck..."

Zhunti and Jieyin were stunned for a moment.

The luck of the senior in front of him is so tyrannical!

"Senior, could it be that you are one of the Sanqing?"

When they thought about it, in the world, apart from Sanqing who possessed the great merit of opening the sky, they hadn't heard of any creature who could have such luck!

And they have always been rampant in the West, and they have heard about the Sanqing who claim to be authentic Pan Gu.

"Hmph, how can Sanqing compare with my master?"

Lin Long didn't speak, but Bi Xiao, who has always been quick-talking, stood up with his waist pinched, and said proudly: "You two bad guys are doing well, how can Sanqing be compared with my master? My master is It's Aoki Dragon God!"


		