

With the complete Chaos Orb, Lin Long's practice speed has also increased to a higher level.

After all, the chaotic aura is extremely majestic, if this can't increase the speed, then it's really useless.

Hongjun's practice speed has always been a headache for Lin Long. Now that he has a complete Chaos Orb, he has finally smoothed out another gap between the two.

Next, practice with peace of mind and wait for the next breakthrough.

There is no time in the prehistoric times.

In Zixiao Palace, Hongjun, who had been practicing in closed doors, slowly opened his eyes from above the heavenly clouds.

In Hongjun's eyes, all the lights flowed, and his whole body seemed to be integrated with the heaven and the earth.

"This retreat can be regarded as some gains. Now, as long as I carry out the Heaven and Earth Measuring Tribulation again, I can start to try to join the Tao."

"As long as the Dao is completed, the prehistoric will be in my hands."

Hongjun thought to himself.

But the next moment, Hongjun seemed to think of something again, and a trace of anger flashed in his eyes.

"If it wasn't for that Lin Long, I might have succeeded in joining the Dao at this time!"

"Hmph! We still have to get rid of this troublesome guy first."

"The last time we fought, this guy has already broken through to Hunyuan Da Luo Jinxian!"

Recalling the last time he fought against Lin Long because of Duke Dong's matter, Hongjun was not only annoyed, but also confused.

After all, his predecessor was the Chaos Demon God, and he naturally knew how difficult it was to practice the Dao within the Dao of Heaven.

Therefore, he, the Chaos Demon God, had to settle for the next best thing and choose to open up the practice method of heaven.

However, Lin Long, the heel of the Dragon Clan, was able to successfully practice the Dao.

And also cultivated into Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian!

This is simply unreasonable!

There is not much difference between the Dao practice method and the heaven practice method.

But Hongjun was very clear in his heart.

After all, the way of heaven is under the great way.

Right now, they are in the same state, and there is no difference. Even if the Dao of Heaven is sanctified, the primordial spirit entrusts the Dao of Heaven, and they can still live forever.

But behind this, there is another disadvantage, that is, the upper limit of the Heavenly Dao Saint is lower than that of the Dao Saint!

As a Daoist saint, that is, Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian, as long as the practitioner's talent is good enough, he can continue to practice. It can be said that there is almost no upper limit.

As strong as Pan Gu, if he hadn't fallen from the sky, he could still continue to practice.

However, the practice of Heavenly Dao is basically the upper limit after it has been cultivated to the Dao.

In contrast, the disadvantages are too great!

And with Lin Long's talent, as long as the other party is alive, it will only be a matter of time before he surpasses himself.

How could Hongjun not be in a hurry?

Get rid of Lin Long, this is what Hongjun must do.

Thinking of this, Hongjun's calm state of mind quietly gave birth to a trace of killing intent!

However, this killing intent came and went quickly, and was hidden by Hongjun in an instant.

With a backhand, Hongjun took out the good fortune jade plate and started to deduce.

After a while, Hongjun showed a satisfied smile on his face.

"That's right, it's not in vain to spend so much effort on my calculations, Di Jun has already given birth to an heir."

"Although there are only two, this can also make Di Jun pay more attention to his heirs."

"Let this little prince of the Golden Crow Clan travel to the wilderness for a while."

With a snap of his fingers, Hongjun used his hand to fluctuate the causal line.

He didn't take Dihua seriously, after all, Dihua is a woman, and based on common sense, the reason why Jinwu's bloodline gave birth to a woman is because of mixed blood.

A woman with mixed blood would definitely not take Di Jun to heart.

No way, who made Dijun an ambitious leader of the monster clan in Hongjun's mind.

Therefore, Hongjun deduced and manipulated the cause and effect, but only casually aimed at Di Yu!

At the same time, the Wu Clan began to choose again.

Among the Wu Clan, the one who has decision-making power, is a high-level executive, and not the Zu Wu, so there is only Hou Yi.

Of course, Hongjun didn't know that Houyi was already a genuine ancestor witch at this time, and he treated him as a great witch.


As the little prince of the monster clan, Di Yu's character is not generally stubborn.

On weekdays, there are many troubles in the demon world.

Now that he was influenced by Hongjun's methods, the result naturally needless to say.

After sneaking out of the demon world, he immediately made a fuss in the prehistoric world, causing many prehistoric creatures to complain.

But for this, the prehistoric creatures dared to be angry but did not dare to speak.

After all, he is the prince of the demon tribe, who would dare to offend him?

On this day, Di Yu finally offended the scattered Wu tribe members.

The Golden Crow clan is best at fire and speed. Even if Di Yu is only the peak Taiyi Jinxian, it is still difficult for these scattered Wu clan to catch Di Yu.

Soon, the news reached the ears of the Wu clan.

Hearing that it was Emperor Yu who caused the trouble, Hou Yi immediately took his own bow and arrows and headed to Honghuang.

Hongjun who was hiding behind the scenes nodded secretly.

Hongjun had already planned in his heart, as long as Houyi and the little prince of the Yaozu had just met.

Use some means yourself to let the two fight.

With Hou Yi's cultivation base and the violent temper of the Wu Clan, the little prince of the Yao Clan will definitely die tragically in Hou Yi's hands.

At that time, fierce battles will inevitably break out between the two Liches!

"Lin Long, let me see how you stop this time!"

Hongjun thought proudly.

The facts are indeed as Hongjun expected.

The little prince of Yaozu soon met Houyi.

There was a smug smile on the corner of Hongjun's mouth in the dark, as if he had seen the scene where the Yaozu and the Wuzu were fighting to the death.

When he saw Emperor Yu, the crown prince of the Yao clan, obviously froze when he saw Hou Yi, Hongjun nodded secretly: "Well, yes, this is the reaction I want."


"Emperor Feather!"

Holding the bow and arrow in his hand, Hou Yi shouted in a deep voice, "You are guilty!"

Hongjun shook his head in the dark: "The people of the witch clan really don't have any brains. This Emperor Yu is the prince of the monster clan. Even if you ask him to blame, how can it be your turn?"

In his mind, Di Yu, as the prince of the monster race, would not be indifferent after hearing this, even if he was a bit bloody.

Everything seems to be developing as Hongjun expected.

Seeing Hou Yi stepping up to Di Yu, he slapped Di Yu on the back of the head.

"Good! Good fight!"

If Hongjun, who was hiding in the dark, hadn't been concerned about his identity, he might have already clapped his hands and cheered!

This slap didn't seem to use much strength, but it was extremely insulting!

How could the demon prince not fight back?

Once you fight back, you will definitely fight!

My goal is finally achieved!

"Lin Long, even if you have all kinds of abilities, you have miscalculated one step after all."

"So what if it stops me from promoting a heavenly marriage, Di Jun is going to give birth to an heir after all."

"With this slap, the Lich War is inevitable."

"Hehe, as long as the little prince of the monster clan fights back, with the personality of the witch clan, he will definitely fight to the death."

Hongjun stared at the field with his eyes wide open, breathing rapidly.

Just waiting for the moment when Di Yu fights back.

However, the next moment, Di Yu, who was slapped, looked at Hou Yi with a full face of grievance: "Brother-in-law, I know I was wrong, you, don't tell my sister, I sneaked out..."


"what?!"

Hongjun staggered in the void, almost falling from the cloud.

"What's the situation? Why does the demon prince call that witch clan brother-in-law?"

Before he could figure out the reason, Hou Yi was still full of anger, pointing at Di Yu with a heartbroken expression.

"How did your eldest sister and I teach you on weekdays? Hong Huang is now troubled, and you dare to sneak out and get so much karma. If your father finds out, your legs will be broken!"

"Hmph, it's fortunate that I'm here today. If you are caught by other great powers, with your peak Taiyi Jinxian cultivation base, do you think you can escape?"

"At that time, if something happens to you, the whole monster clan will be implicated in the karma!"

Following Hou Yi's words, Di Yu lowered his head in shame, not even daring to say a word.


		