

Things are not over yet.

On the futon, Nuwa, who cut off two corpses one after another, did not feel calm.

On the contrary, it is getting stronger and stronger!

Comparing Fuxi and Hongyun, everyone quickly realized that something was wrong.

"No, why hasn't Nuwa stabilized her realm yet?"

"It's really unexpected to cut off two corpses one after another."

"Wait, something is wrong, her aura is still rising, maybe she wants to kill the third corpse?"

"What? Cut off the three corpses in a row? Isn't Nuwa going to prove the Tao and become a saint in the next step?"

"This, how is this possible? How can the three corpses be so easy to kill?"

After all, many people in the hall have experienced beheading corpses, so they naturally know the difficulty of beheading corpses.

It was already so difficult for them to cut off the first corpse, and it was enough for Nuwa to cut off two corpses to surprise them. Who would have thought that the current Nuwa would actually want to cut off the third corpse!

Some people couldn't believe it, but the breath on Nuwa's body reminded everyone all the time.

She is really going to kill the third corpse!

Compared with the first two corpses, beheading the third corpse means that half a foot has stepped into the threshold of a saint!

Next, the three corpses merged into one, that is, the perfection of the quasi-sage!

On the futon, Nuwa gritted her teeth, and her breath gradually became unstable. It seemed that she had reached the end of her strength.

But she didn't want to give up just yet!

"Yuanshi, today I want to show you how ridiculous your Pangu authentic name is!"

"Brother Lin worked hard to preach for us before, but this time, I will kill the three corpses in one fell swoop to prove it for Brother Lin!"

No one knew what Nuwa was thinking, they just stared at Nuwa, wondering if Nuwa could really break the shackles and kill the three corpses in one fell swoop!

If it can really be done, then Sanqing and Xixi's previous big momentum is really a bit of a clown.

Especially Yuanshi Tianzun, who had also brazenly echoed the crowd's belittling of Nuwa before.

Is your face being slapped right now?

Of course, even if Nuwa couldn't cut off the third corpse, just relying on the feat of the three of them beheading the two corpses together, they have already surpassed all the listeners in Zixiao Palace.

In the void, Lin Long looked at the state of Nuwa gnashing her teeth at the moment, and shook his head helplessly.

This little girl is too brave!

He didn't know why Nuwa was going so hard to kill the third corpse, but he could see one thing. If this trend continued, Nuwa would fail in all likelihood.

Before that, I preached alone for Nuwa Fuxi Hongyun Town Yuanzi alone in Buzhou Mountain, so they had the background to behead two corpses in a row.

But how could it be so easy to kill three corpses in a row?

"Forget it, since you call me Big Brother Lin, then Big Brother Lin will help you this time!"

Lin Long picked up a sword formula in his hand.

In an instant, a sword intent floated out, condensing into a sharp little sword in Lin Long's palm.

This small sword is invisible and qualityless, and it is dedicated to cutting the mind. With his current strength, it is naturally not a problem to assist in cutting off the three corpses.

At this moment, Nuwa is only short of cutting the third corpse. If there is no external force, she probably cannot kill herself.

On the contrary, if someone can give it a push, it will surely succeed!

"go!"

With a low shout, Lin Long flicked his palm, and in an instant, the little sword pierced through the void, whizzed past outside Zixiao Palace, and shot straight at Nuwa from the main entrance of the main hall!

The small sword formed by the condensed sword intent was invisible and qualityless, and Lin Long deliberately used the chaotic beads to cover it up, so no one would notice it.

Even Hongjun, who was sitting upright in the sky Qingyun, only noticed a sharp breath passing away in a flash.

"Um?"

Hongjun frowned slightly, and secretly calculated in his heart, but found that there was nothing abnormal, so he stopped thinking about it.

This is the effect of the Chaos Orb covering the sky.

And on top of the futon.

Nuwa, who had already reached peace, suddenly trembled, and her beautiful eyes opened suddenly!

"Evil corpse, get out!"

Following Nuwa's coquettish shout, a woman in a long gray dress with a beautiful face, but with a bit of charm, walked out of Nuwa's body.

It was Nuwa's evil corpse!

With the appearance of the evil corpse, Nu Wa did not neglect, and quickly sacrificed another innate spirit treasure!

With this move, you can see the envy and jealousy on the faces of Yingying and Zhunti in the corner of the hall.

This is so frightening that people are more deadly than others, and people are more expensive than goods!

Neither of my brothers and sisters could take out one innate spirit treasure to kill the corpse, but in the end, there were only two brothers and sisters in Dongfang who were not Zhoushan, so they took out five innate spirit treasures!

Fuxi beheaded two corpses, Nuwa beheaded three corpses!

And looking at the meaning, it seems that the family has a lot of wealth.

There is a saying that jealousy makes a person beyond recognition.

At this time, it is perfect to describe Jieyin and Zhunti.

As the evil corpse was cut out, Nuwa's aura also skyrocketed again!

Immediately, in the hall, apart from Hongjun's sage rhyme, all other auras were easily suppressed by Nuwa!

This naturally also includes the dao rhyme generated when the Sanqing beheaded the corpse.

The dao rhyme generated from the corpse that Sanqing and others cut off just surrounded the whole body.

But Nuwa's Dao Yun at this moment directly covers the entire Zixiao Palace, and even has a tendency to spread outward.

At this moment, the sour Yuan Shi suddenly thought of what he had said before.

The light of the firefly dares to compete with the bright moon!

Compared with Nuwa, my rhyme is Yinghuo!

Now, Yuanshi's rhyme is neither accepted nor retained, so he can only grit his teeth bitterly and wait for Nuwa.

"Humph!"

A cold snort was the only way Yuanshi Tianzun could express his dissatisfaction at this moment.

From today onwards, the first person Yuan Shi hates is Lin Long, and the second is Nuwa!

Slaps in the face again and again are simply abhorrent!


No matter how dissatisfied Yuan Shi felt in his heart, Nu Wa has slowly opened her beautiful eyes at this moment, and the breath around her has gradually stabilized.

"Brother Lin should have helped me with that sword intent just now. It seems that Brother Lin has been paying attention to my breakthrough."

Thinking of this, Nuwa's heart felt a little warm, and at the same time, a ray of emotion that she didn't even notice occupied her heart.

Seeing that Nuwa's aura had stabilized, all the powerful people in the palace heaved a sigh of relief.

Good guy, everyone is really afraid that after Nu Wa beheaded the three corpses, the three corpses would be combined into one again.

If this is the case, everyone will probably bury their heads in their crotches in shame.

They are also listening to the sermon, look at their qualifications!


At this time, Kunpeng, who was sitting in the hall, also deliberately made an appearance that he wanted to kill the corpse, but he also acted as if he couldn't get out the spirit treasure and had no choice but to give up.

On the contrary, Jieyin and Zhunti are like three troubled brothers.

The great powers didn't care too much, after all, there were many people in the hall who couldn't behead the corpse. Besides, the brothers and sisters in Bu Zhoushan were rich and powerful, and they took out five innate spiritual treasures in one breath without breathing. Not everyone can do things.

What's more, many people can't come up with treasures.

But in fact, Kunpeng has followed Lin Long for so many years, and he has already practiced the Dragon God Way passed down by Lin Long, and his cultivation has long been in the late quasi-sage.

It's just that Long Shendao is different from the method of beheading corpses taught by Hongjun, and most people can't see it.

The vision in Zixiao Palace subsided, and Hongjun finally spoke again.

At this moment, his eyes were calm, he looked at everyone, and then focused on the few people on the futon.

"I founded Xuanmen today, and I want to accept disciples!"

In a word, all the powerful people held their breath one by one.

Everyone has seen Hongjun's strength. Although he may not be as strong as Qingmu Longshen, he is still a saint after all, and being accepted as a disciple by him will naturally benefit him.

If he could worship Hongjun as his teacher, he would be able to gain a firm foothold on the prehistoric world.

From now on, the sky and the earth are big, you can go there as much as you want!

However, the anxious people in the palace didn't know that Hongjun was in trouble at the moment.

According to his original intention, he wanted to bring Sanqing, Nuwa, and Jieyin Zhunti into his sect.

And let Lao Tzu, the head of the Sanqing, be the big brother.

After all, Sanqing has great luck and inherited a lot of Pan Gu's merits of opening the sky.

As their master, I can naturally share a lot of luck, which is of great benefit to my integration of heaven.

But I never thought that this time, Nuwa beheaded the three corpses in one go, and her cultivation level jumped to become the first person under the saint, completely overshadowing Sanqing's limelight.

What the hell, if I still let Lao Tzu be the senior brother according to my own ideas, I am afraid that the prehistoric people will be dissatisfied.

But if I don't let Lao Tzu be a big brother, the luck and merit I have obtained will definitely be weakened.

This had to make Hongjun feel depressed.


		