

Ao Yi looked at Lin Long thoughtfully, but did not dare to say anything.

After all, he didn't know the temperament of this dragon senior, so it's better to stay calm.

After all, when the senior made the move just now, he was really ruthless, and he didn't hold back at all!

As a Daluo Golden Immortal, wouldn't it be easy to handle a few Taiyi Golden Immortals? Do you need to use all your strength?

But now the senior's thoughtful appearance, frowning and smiling for a while, is really unpredictable.

"With your current injury, can you return to the Dragon Clan on your own?"

At this moment, Lin Long spoke suddenly, and Ao Yi was stunned for a moment, then immediately said respectfully: "Return to the senior, the injury of the junior is not a hindrance, you can return to the Dragon Clan on your own."

"Well, you have nothing to do here, go away on your own, and don't mention my affairs to your tribe when you go back."

Lin Long nodded, and although Ao Yi didn't understand why Lin Long didn't let him bring it up, he also nodded: "Don't worry, senior, this junior won't bring it up."

Soon, Ao Yi drove away with his seriously injured body.

Lin Long, on the other hand, began to try his newly acquired supernatural powers.

"The law of karma, the reminder just said that it cut off the karma this time, that is to say, it only cut off the karma of being entangled with the Feng Clan this time, but the karma between me and the Dragon Clan still exists."

"I just don't know, if I forcibly use the law of karma to cut off the karma of myself and the dragon clan, can I cut it off? If I can, I can practice steadily and don't need to think about the problem of the dragon's calamity."

Do as soon as you think of it, Lin Long immediately activated the law.

The law of cause and effect is like a sharp blade, cutting towards the cause and effect of oneself.

However, when it touches its own karma, that sharp blade shatters like a piece of paper!

As for cause and effect, it has not moved at all.

"no effect?"

Lin Long was stunned for a moment, and then he used the ability to know the future.

[You have used your supernatural powers to know the future, and you want to cut off all the karma of yourself and the dragon clan with the law of karma, but you have tried countless times, and all of them have failed, because the karma is too strong and cannot be cut off for the time being]

Unwilling to give up, Lin Long used the Future Reverse not only once, but the result he got was still the same.

"Sure enough, it is not so easy to avoid the catastrophe of heaven and earth. Now I have not jumped out of the three realms, and I am still in the five elements, so it is extremely difficult to forcibly cut off all the karma between myself and the dragon clan!"

According to his estimate, if he wants to completely cut off the karma with the Dragon Clan, he must at least get the quasi-sage peak realm.

That is, the Hunyuan Golden Immortal!

"The big cause and effect cannot be cut off, what about the small cause and effect?"

Lin Long was a little unwilling to give up, the supernatural powers he realized must not be useless, right?

Anyway, a piece of toilet paper is useful, so I can't even be inferior to toilet paper, right?

When he was in the East China Sea before, he had provoked the Demon Whale King in the name of Yuanshi Tianzun.

This incident was originally just to disgust Yuanshi. If it is really deduced, it is easy to know that Yuanshi did not do it.

However, karma shifts...

[You have used your magical powers to know the future, and you have passed on the cause and effect of provoking the Demon Whale King to Yuanshi with the causal transfer of your magical powers, and you have succeeded in one go]

After seeing the prompt, Lin Long showed joy on his face, and immediately, the karma was passed on to the supernatural power, and he made an impressive move!

"Sure enough!"


On the Kunlun Mountains.

Yuanshi Tianzun, who was recuperating from his wounds, suddenly noticed a mysterious coming.

"Huh? Why do I suddenly feel palpitations?"

Yuanshi Tianzun inspected himself and found that there was nothing unusual, so he immediately ignored it: "It's better to heal my injury first, and then go to the Three Immortals Island in the East China Sea. There is no end to this matter!"


"Hahahaha, it's done!"

Lin Long clearly sensed that the cause and effect between himself and the Demon Whale King had successfully passed on to Yuan Shi.

"Now you don't have to worry about being exposed. I just don't know what kind of expression Yuanshi Tianzun will have when he sees the Demon Whale King."

After learning that the transfer of cause and effect was effective, Lin Long thought for a moment, and then erased the cause and effect of killing Feng Clan in front of Ao Yi just now.

He made the move only for experimentation, and he didn't want to really have too much to do with Long Han's calamity.

The transfer and erasure of this small karma went very smoothly, and it also made Lin Long re-acquainted with this supernatural power.

Solved the trouble and cleared up the hidden dangers.

"Ao Yi was brought here because of the so-called innate spiritual root, and I don't know if it exists or not."

Different from Ao Yi looking around, Lin Long only needs to use his magical powers to investigate to know the truth of the matter.

Moreover, using supernatural powers is effortless, so naturally he will not be stingy.

[You have used your supernatural powers to know the future. There is a dojo 130,000 miles to the southeast, and a white tiger at the peak of the Taiyi Golden Immortal lives in it, which is not friendly to the dragon clan]

[You have used your supernatural powers to know the future. There is an extremely hidden natural restriction about 160,000 miles to the east. You discovered the restriction. After you untied it, you found out that it is the highest-grade innate spiritual root, fairy apricot]

[You used your supernatural powers to know the future. Ten thousand phoenixes are coming to the northeast. It seems that you have sensed the abnormality here. You met and fought with them, and fled with serious injuries.]

"It seems that it is safe to deduce it first. Ao Yi was attracted to come here. He does have spiritual roots, but he is more than a hundred thousand miles away!"

Fortunately, Ao Yi had mentioned the innate spiritual root, so he checked it himself. Now it's all right. Not only did he find a spiritual root hundreds of thousands of miles away, but he also found ten fire phoenixes coming here.

"I don't want to fight with those ten phoenixes, and then escape with serious injuries. It's better to hunt for treasure, safety first!"

Lin Long looked left and right, and immediately set off, heading towards the direction that reminded Zhongxian Xing.

Not long after Lin Long left, ten fire phoenixes rushed over.

"The breath is gone!"

"How is it possible? Even if you are killed, my Phoenix Clan's vitality is so strong, how could it be possible that there is not even a breath left?"

"Hmph, although the blood is not pure, but they are also members of my Feng clan, so they can't just disappear in such a vague way, this matter, go back with me and report to the elders!"

The ten fire phoenixes found no results, and finally turned and left.

As for Lin Long, he has come to the place where the innate restriction in the reminder is at this moment.

In front of you is a cliff.

And Lin Long stood in mid-air, displaying Unknown Future.

This supernatural power is really easy to use, with just one thought, he can cover countless possibilities, and within a short while, he has already detected the location of the innate spiritual root celestial apricot.

[You try to crack the innate formation, the formation law increases by 1%]

Lin Long ignored the prompt and directly broke the restriction. Sure enough, on the cliff, there was a spiritual root exuding a strong aura.

With the disappearance of the restriction, the aura fruit fragrance emitted by the fruit on the tree can no longer be suppressed.

Smell it and it will make you feel refreshed.

Lin Long could feel that as soon as this fruit appeared, the surrounding laws of wind and thunder became extremely active.

"One of the ten best spiritual roots in Honghuang, Xianxing, this thing should have fallen into the hands of Chanjiao Yun Zhongzi, who is also the disciple of Yuanshi Tianzun..."

Thinking of this, Lin Long couldn't help laughing.

I and Yuan Shi are really at odds!

But no matter what, now this thing is his own.

Without being polite, Lin Long picked off the only two fairy apricots on the tree. As for the fruit trees, he naturally took out the Chaos Pearl and transplanted them to Sanxian Island.

After doing all this, Lin Long looked at the two fairy apricots in his hands. Just holding them in his hands, he could feel the power of wind and thunder constantly surging.

"The effect of this thing is absolutely no less than that of Huang Zhongli, and the time and quantity of results are more demanding than other spiritual roots!"

"Lei Zhenzi in the Conferred God period, I'm afraid he never exerted a ten-thousandth of the original effect of Xianxing!"


		