

After forcing Hongjun back, Lin Long didn't rush to continue fighting, looked at Hongjun and said with a smile, "How is it? Are you still fighting?"

Hongjun remained silent. At this time, he had to admit that Lin Long was no longer the guy who let himself handle it.

Even if his strength didn't surpass him, he was definitely on par with him!

Thinking of this, Hongjun put away the jade butterfly in his hand, and said in a deep voice: "Lin Long, I have to admit that the speed of your growth is completely beyond my expectation, but it is a bit of a joke to want to prevent me from passing on the orthodoxy. gone."

Obviously, spreading orthodoxy in the wild is Hongjun's bottom line, and no one can shake it!

If Lin Long insists on this, he can't say, he can only do his best!

However, Lin Long waved his hand: "Who said you will stop you from spreading the orthodoxy?"

"what?"

Hongjun was stunned for a moment: "Then what exactly do you mean? Don't say you want to find a place for the Dragon Clan. Such an excuse is an insult to you and me!"

"Haha, okay, then I'll make another excuse."

Lin Long smiled and said, "Don't worry, I won't stop you from spreading Taoism. I'm not Rahu, and I have no intention of spreading Taoism. There is actually no essential conflict between you and me."

Yang Mei, who was next to him, also stood beside Lin Long at this moment, and said in a voice of support: "That's right, what Fellow Daoist Lin Long said is true, and I have no intention of stopping you from spreading the orthodoxy, but today you sneaked into me, and this matter will always come to an end." There should be an explanation!"

One yard is one yard, Hongjun made a sneak attack, no matter how good-tempered he raised his eyebrows, he couldn't pretend nothing happened.

After a long while, Hongjun finally spoke again: "Okay, if what you said is true, then we can talk about it, raise your eyebrows, and I will explain your matter to you."

A smile appeared on Lin Long's face. Since the sixth child chose the first step of compromise, then there will be a second step and a third step. Everything will be easy to handle.

No matter what, as long as one party is willing to regress, it means that if there is one, there will be two!

"Hongjun, I know that you are very ambitious and want to control Honghuang, but Honghuang is not just your own after all. I can promise that my orthodoxy will not spread in Honghuang, but your orthodoxy will not be introduced to Dragon God Realm either. "

"In addition, in the future you will control Honghuang, and the Dragon God Realm will not be under Honghuang's jurisdiction."

Lin Long said.

Hongjun nodded, and said, "I can promise you this matter."

"Don't rush to agree, this is just the first thing."

Lin Long waved his hand. After saying this, Hongjun couldn't help but frown slightly, and a look of displeasure flashed in his eyes.

But after hesitating for a moment, he took a deep breath and said, "Okay, tell me."

"You and I know what's going on with the three clans. I want to bring the patriarchs of the three clans back to the Dragon God Realm."

As soon as Lin Long finished speaking, Hongjun didn't hesitate for a moment, and directly refuted: "Impossible!"

The patriarchs of the three clans suppressed the karma of the previous kalpa.

Not only is it helping the three clans to suppress, but it is also helping Hongjun. Once they withdraw, the karma on Hongjun will increase again. How could Hongjun agree?

Lin Long had expected his reaction a long time ago, so he said with a faint smile, "Don't worry, just listen to me."

"You and I know the cause and effect of the three clans. If you and Luohu hadn't stirred up the situation, the three clans wouldn't have had such a big karma. This time the Western Spirit Vessel is destroyed, and you have to bear a lot of karma. The three clans The karma of repression is actually not a big problem for you."

"You agree to my request, and the karma between you and the three clans will be cancelled. If you do this, you will not suffer."

"With me here, you will definitely not be able to destroy the three clans, so you will have to pay back the karma sooner or later."

"When you really control the prehistoric world, if you want to repay the karma, the price will be different."

"How? How did you think about it?"

After a series of words came out, Hongjun fell silent again.

Although Lin Long's words made Hongjun feel uncomfortable, he had to admit that Lin Long was telling the truth.

"Okay, I can promise you this too, but there is a premise, the patriarchs of the three clans can no longer appear in the wilderness, otherwise all the agreements between you and me will be void!"

Seeing Hongjun take the second step back, Lin Long laughed and said, "No problem, let's talk about the third thing."

"What? There's a third thing?"

Hongjun was furious: "Lin Long, don't go too far!"

"Don't be angry don't be angry."

Lin Long waved his hands and said, "This is the last one."

"Okay, tell me!"

Hongjun held back his anger and hummed.

"Actually, it's not a big deal. I want the Four Swords of Jade Immortals and the diagram of Jade Immortals formation!"

His comprehension of the law of facing the Tao has been completed, and he can also arrange the Zhuxian Sword Formation, but without the Four Swords of the Zhuxian and the diagram of the Zhuxian Formation, he will not be able to exert the most perfect power of the Zhuxian Sword Formation!

Lin Long could feel that there was still room for improvement in his Heaven and Earth Sword Furnace, and comprehending the complete Jade Immortal Sword Formation was naturally the best way.

"This, no way."

Hongjun hesitated for a moment, then shook his head and refused.

Hongjun gritted his teeth and agreed to the first two conditions. At most, he would spend a little more time and merit to eliminate karma.

However, Hongjun has experienced the power of this formation of Zhuxian sword formation, and Lin Long is proficient in formation. Once he gets the four swords of Zhuxian and the diagram of Zhuxian formation, the power will be doubled. There will be no small trouble.

"No? Raise your eyebrows, Fellow Daoist, help me!"

Lin Long immediately turned his head to look at Yang Mei, and then raised his hand, the Immortal Jade Formation started again!

The raised eyebrow who had recovered from his injury also nodded sullenly, and with a thought, his mana was transferred.

"you!"

Hongjun was taken aback, who the hell negotiates like you?

No room for bargaining at all?

Then you talk about a hammer?

This is not called talk, this is called notification!

"Okay, I'll leave it to you!"

After weighing left and right, Hongjun endured his anger, raised his hand and threw the Four Swords of Jade Dynasty and the diagram of Jade Dynasty to Lin Long.

People have to bow their heads under the eaves. No matter what, nothing is more important than passing down the orthodoxy!

It won't be too late to find these two guys when I prove the Tao in the future!

"Okay, let's talk about the fourth thing..."

Lin Long put away the Four Swords of Zhuxian and the diagram of Zhuxian, and said.

However, before finishing a sentence, Hongjun could no longer suppress his anger: "Lin Long! Don't bully people too much, don't you say there are three things in total?!"

"Huh? Did I say that?"

Lin Long scratched his head: "Don't be angry, it's really the last one, I swear by the road of Daoist Daoist with raised eyebrows!"

The raised eyebrows and eyelids on the side jumped, what do you mean by swearing on my road? If you make one more request, wouldn't I be hopeless?

"Okay, tell me, one last condition!"

Hongjun took a deep breath, regretting why he didn't kill the green dragon first while Lin Long was rising!

At the same time, he also secretly made a decision in his heart. When he proves the Tao in the future, he must skin this kid and cram his nerves, and keep his soul forever!

"Don't be angry, think about it, promise me a request and you can pass on the orthodoxy as you like without worrying about us making trouble for you."

Lin Long laughed and said, "The last request is very simple, let me enlighten you on your fortune jade plate."

He also has fragments of the good fortune jade plate in his hand, but they are extremely flawed, only two or three pieces. On the other hand, there are definitely a large number of good fortune jade plate fragments in Hongjun's hand.

If you ask for it directly, you will directly touch Hongjun Nilin, so Lin Long changed a roundabout way and borrowed it.

"no!"

Sure enough, Hongjun refused straight away, even for borrowing. Lin Long could imagine that if he asked for it directly, Hongjun might turn his face immediately.

"Don't rush to refuse. I know that your good fortune jade plate is of great use. How about it? I won't borrow it in the short term. You owe me a cause and effect. I will borrow it later when you prove the Tao. How about it?"

Lin Long also placed an insurance policy. In case Hongjun was the first to testify before himself, he would be unable to stop Hongjun from making trouble for him.

Therefore, by borrowing the good luck jade dish, he tricked Hongjun into making an oath of heaven, so that as long as he hadn't borrowed the good fortune jade dish, Hongjun couldn't do anything to him.

In this way, you will have enough time for yourself.

I can wait for myself to become the Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian, and then ask Hongjun to borrow the good fortune jade plate!

With enough self-protection power, I am not afraid of Hongjun anymore!

Safety first!

"This... well, I promise you!"

Hongjun thought for a moment, then nodded.

It's true that he doesn't want to fight to the death with Lin Long now, the good fortune jade plate is related to his own enlightenment and sanctification, if he lends it to Lin Long at this time, with Lin Long's temperament, he may never return it.

But after you prove yourself, it doesn't matter.

Big deal, I will come back immediately after lending it to him, if I dare not, give him a slap immediately!

He didn't believe that Lin Long's sanctification would be faster than himself!

"Okay, Fellow Daoist Hongjun is indeed a straightforward person, so please ask Fellow Daoist to make an oath to the Dao of Heaven!"

Lin Long smiled and said, "Otherwise, I'm afraid fellow daoist will regret it at that time."

"you!"

Hongjun couldn't hold back anymore, but now he was so shivering that he didn't want to worry about it, so he swore immediately: "I, Hongjun, swear to the way of heaven, and when I become a saint after I prove the way, Lin Long will borrow from me The jade plate, I will not shirk it, I will definitely lend the fortune jade plate to Lin Long, if you break this oath, heaven will punish you!"

"it is good."

As the sound fell, a huge golden eye appeared in the sky, and then a ray of spiritual wind floated into Hongjun's body, and the golden eye disappeared again.

This is Tiandao has accepted Hongjun's oath!

"Are you all right now?"

Hongjun didn't want to stay here any longer, and wanted to get away from Lin Long quickly.

"Ah... now that Fellow Daoist said so, why don't I mention it again..."

Before Lin Long finished speaking, Hongjun was already furious: "I'll fight you..."

"Okay, okay, don't mention it."

Seeing that Hongjun was being forced to the point where he didn't even want Daozu's demeanor, Lin Long naturally accepted it as soon as it was good.

"Hmph, remember your promise, if I break it, even if I risk my life, I won't make it easier for you!"

Hongjun took a deep breath, his tone stiff.

Lin Long chuckled and said, "Don't worry, as long as you don't break your promise and don't mess with me, I won't bother you. The Dragon God Realm has been closed since today, and the outside world will only leave a peripheral area guarding the world." Dragon Clan."

Speaking of this, Lin Long half-jokingly said: "However, if there are some blind guys who dare to bully those dragons guarding the four seas, please ask Fellow Daoist Hongjun to help teach them a lesson, otherwise, I can only take action. Fellow Daoist Shi Hongjun, don’t blame me for not speaking up front!”

Hongjun didn't say a word, he just acquiesced in this matter, nodded, turned and left.

At this time, the ancestor Yangmei also breathed a sigh of relief, and turned to Lin Long to salute: "Thank you, fellow Taoist Lin Long, this time."

Just now he was really worried that Lin Long and Hongjun would fight again. After all, it was difficult to hold back a fight at this level. He was injured, so if he died in this battle, it would not be worthwhile.

Fortunately, the negotiations between the two parties were very pleasant.

At least Lin Long was happy.

"You and I had an agreement to join forces before, so we can't thank you. Besides, this seat has taken advantage of it this time. But you, what are your plans in the future?"

Lin Long asked, raised his eyebrows and sighed, and said, "I will leave Honghuang to recuperate, but if something happens to fellow Taoist, I will come back and do my best to help fellow Taoist!"

After finishing speaking, he raised his eyebrows and took out a Jade Jue, and handed it to Lin Long: "This is my talisman of communication. This time, I am in debt to my friend Daoist. To summon me, I just need to inject spiritual power into the Jade Jue." Can."


		