

In front of Zixiao Palace, in the open space of the square, Nuwa and Yuanshi held Lingbao in their hands, facing each other, and the breath in their bodies was constantly pulsating.

All the great powers who had just arrived at Zixiao Palace were dumbfounded when they saw this situation.

"Here, what's going on here?"

"That's the Yuanshi Tianzun in Sanqing, who is the other female fairy?"

"It seems to be Nuwa on Buzhou Mountain. I went to Buzhou Mountain to collect medicine in the early years. I was lucky enough to meet once. Nuwa Taoist friends almost never show up in the prehistoric wilderness. I didn't expect her to come to preach this time."

"That's right, it should be the Nuwa Taoist friend of Buzhou Mountain. It is said that she and her brother Fuxi have joined the Yaozu in recent years and are honored as the Wahuang."

A Taoist once met Nuwa and explained it to all the great talents.

Only then did everyone know the origin of Nuwa.

"I didn't expect there to be such a female fairy among the mighty ones! But why did these two fight? Could it be that Sanqing is going to fight with the Yaozu?"

"Sanqing's mind isn't that clear, is it?"

"That's hard to say, a few years ago..."

All the great powers were at a loss, and when faced with this great power's question, they all shook their heads, expressing that they didn't know either.

"Fellow Daoist Nvwa, it is inevitable that you will miss when discussing Daoism. If you accidentally hurt Fellow Daoist later, I hope Fellow Daoist will not be offended."

Yuan Shi was polite on the surface, but in fact he was a threat.

However, Nuwa didn't care about these words in her ears.

"Hmph, Yuan Shi, don't be hypocritical here, you insult my brother, I will teach you a lesson today!"

"Don't talk nonsense, just do it!"

The onlookers knew the cause of the incident after hearing Nuwa's words.

"It turned out that Yuanshi and Nuwa's elder brother had a conflict, no wonder they wanted to do it."

"Nuwa's elder brother is Fuxi, right? He is now the Emperor Xi of the Yaozu. The power of the Yaozu is in full swing, yet Yuanshi dared to provoke Fuxi."

"Hehe, I don't think it's strange at all. Sanqing claims to be the authentic Pangu, not to mention Fuxi. I'm afraid that even Dijun Taiyi doesn't like him."

"I just don't know who is better, Yuanshi or Nuwa."

It's none of your business, so everyone will naturally look lively.

Some people said that Yuanshi would win, while others thought that Nuwa had a better chance of winning.

But generally speaking, I still feel that Yuanshi will win more.

How should I put it, the title of Sanqing is still there.

Honghuang didn't waste his fame, those who didn't deserve their reputation were already dead.

With Pangu's authentic name, he can still survive for so many years, which is a manifestation of strength in itself.

Don't think that Pan Gu is authentic, anyone will let you in. When more people hear this name, their first reaction is to kill Liwei.

After countless challenges, Sanqing finally gained a firm foothold and completely settled on this title.

Although Sanqing had been disgraced for several years due to entanglements with the Dragon Clan in the past few years, but after all, his family has a deep foundation, which is why Pangu's authentic name has such weight.

As for Nuwa, she was born in Buzhou Mountain, and even as the Emperor Wa of the Yaozu, with such a big backer from the Yaozu, and through her power, she must not be a vase.

In this way, this battle is also somewhat interesting.

Everyone looked back and forth with great interest.

Fu Xi walked up to Lin Long at some point, frowned slightly, and asked, "Brother Lin, who do you think will win, little sister or Yuan Shi?"

Lin Long frowned slightly: "Hehe, you have the ability to do divination, so you still need to ask me about such things?"

This kid Fuxi was a bit dishonest and asked questions knowingly.

Hearing this, Fu Xi smiled coyly: "Hehe, Big Brother Lin, since I was injured in the last divination, I haven't deduced the hexagrams for a long time."

"Brother Lin, your divination skills are superior to mine. With you here, why should I fight against others?"

Lin Long glanced at Fu Xi: "Okay, don't try to test me here, as long as you know some things clearly, don't say it."

Fuxi seems to be the result of letting himself talk about Nuwa and Yuanshi.

In fact, he was testing whether he was the witch god of the witch clan.

The Wu Clan already knew about this matter, and they themselves told Di Jun, whether to hide it or not, in fact, it doesn't make much sense, even if you tell Fuxi, it doesn't matter.

Hearing Lin Long's words, Fuxi showed a clear expression on his face: "It's no wonder that when I deduced the witch god of the witch clan, I was backlashed."


While the two were chatting, Nuwa and Yuanshi over there also made moves.

Nu Wa held a long sword in her hand and swung it suddenly.

In an instant, the sword light was like morning glow and night fire, making people intoxicated.

Yuan Shi didn't dare to be careless, he waved Yu Ruyi quickly in his hand, and in the blink of an eye a long whip condensed by laws extended from Yu Ruyi.

The long whip waved several whip shadows in the void, collided with Nu Wa's sword light, and made a huge noise instantly.

The sea of ​​chaos, which made all the great powers fear, was actually torn open by the aftermath of the attack of the two.

"So strong!"

"Worthy of being Pan Gu's authentic master, he is indeed tyrannical!"

"Nuwa's cultivation is not weak, she just fought against each other, and she didn't lose the slightest bit!"

"These two are considered top-notch in the prehistoric world!"

"Nuwa has this level of cultivation, so how tyrannical is that brother he is talking about? How could Yuanshi have his brain kicked to provoke Nuwa's brother?"

Many people thought to themselves when they thought of what Nuwa said just now.

Just when everyone felt that this battle would last for a long time.

I saw that Nuwa who was forced to retreat just now waved her sleeve robe lightly at the moment of retreating.

An emerald green law was swung out fiercely, and this law was instantly woven into a large net in midair.

Before Yuan Shi could react, people were already enveloped in it.

No matter how you wave the jade ruyi in your hand, you can't break through the giant net woven by this law.

"Hehe, Nu Wa has indeed improved a lot in these years. The use of the power of nature has reached perfection, and the battle has been decided."

Just when the giant net was shrinking more and more, Yuan Shi was about to be tied up, and the winner was decided.

A flat crutch flew out from the Pangu Hall, landed firmly in front of Yuanshi Tianzun, and sent out a wave of law to resist the giant net.

Fu Xi frowned.

"Lao Tzu, what do you mean? You can't bully the few with more!"

It was clearly agreed that it was my younger sister and Yuanshi Tianzun who fought, and the winner was about to be decided, but Lao Tzu actually intervened, which is really unruly.

And Fuxi, who was talking, didn't have idle hands, he raised the gourd and was about to attack and kill Yuanshi!

Yuan Shi glanced at it, and was a little confused.

If my elder brother helps, you will deal with me?

Shouldn't it be blocking the crutch?

The onlookers also booed at this time.

"Hehe, it seems that Sanqing is nothing more than that."

"Is this something I can't afford to lose?"

"I'm afraid that the title of Pangu Authentic Zongzong will be lost today."

A group of great talents watched the excitement, and they didn't think it was a big deal, and they all joked on the sidelines.

Being able to come to Zixiao Palace has some strength in itself, and for others, they may be afraid of Sanqing.

But for these powerful people who can come here, Sanqing's name is just that, at most it's just to give them some face.

When it was time to tease, they were naturally willing to watch the excitement and laugh.

"Fellow Daoist Nvwa has profound Taoism, my brother has lost this round."

Lao Tzu took a deep breath, and a look of embarrassment appeared on Gu Jing Wubo's face.

Seeing this, Lin Long just shook his head with a smile and didn't say much.

It seems that he is happy to admit defeat, but he is playing tricks.

Anyone can see that Yuanshi lost this time.

But there are some things that can't be seen through, and Lao Tzu blocked this blow with his hands, so Yuan Shi didn't really lose.

In this way, the prestige of Sanqing is still there.

Although Fuxi was a little unhappy, Lao Tzu had already nodded and admitted defeat, and no matter how aggressive he was, he would appear to be a bit small-hearted.

Nu Wa didn't care much about this, watching Yuan Shi put away the Lingbao with a cold snort, turned around and ran to Lin Long's side.

"Brother Lin, I helped you teach this guy a lesson!"

One sentence instantly caused an uproar in everyone's hearts!

"What? Brother Lin? Isn't her elder brother Fuxi?"

"Fuxi is her elder brother, she, Brother Lin, should be another elder brother!"


		