

"What? Brother, what nonsense are you talking about!"

A word from Lao Tzu made Yuan Shi, who was still angry, blurt out.

However, the next moment, he realized something was wrong. Seeing Lao Tzu's face darken, Yuan Shi hurriedly said: "Brother, I didn't mean that. I did come to the East China Sea before. It was a creature who had some conflicts, but I definitely didn't take it away." What! This Demon Whale King is also inexplicable, I have never seen him before!"

Listening to Yuanshi's continuous explanation, Lao Tzu shook his head meaningfully: "Second brother, there is a causal link between you and the Demon Whale King, even if what you said is true, my third brother and I believe it, but, Will other creatures believe it? Will the Dragon Race believe it?"

As soon as he opened his mouth, Yuan Shi fell silent.

That's right, I can explain it to Lao Tzu, I can explain it to Tong Tian, ​​but the cause and effect lies with myself and the Demon Whale King, and the Dragon Clan will never listen to my explanation!

What's more, the Demon Whale King even blew himself up now.

This motherfucker is also a dead-headed person, won't you speak up if you have something to say? Self-destruct what flesh!

"Wait, I remembered!"

Just now I was in a fit of anger, but now my mood has stabilized a lot, Yuan Shi said: "Brother, last time I came to the East China Sea, I met a creature here. I have suffered!"

At this time, Yuanshi Tianzun finally reacted.

Now that there is no way to hide it anymore, Yuan Shi simply told the previous things before and after, including the matter of his embarrassment and injury.

Lao Tzu nodded slightly, and pondered: "In this way, this matter is probably related to that creature, but if it can transfer the cause and effect, that person may not be as simple as you see."

After all, it is the head of the Sanqing, and besides staying out of the matter, Lao Tzu thought for a moment, then said: "Based on what you said, that creature has mastered the law of time, and its attainments in formation are also very good. Now it can transfer cause and effect, which shows that it also has knowledge of the law of cause and effect." Quite accomplished, second brother, manpower is sometimes exhausted, he can master so many supernatural powers..."

At this point, Lao Tzu did not continue to say, but Yuan Shi understood the meaning.

A living being's energy is limited, and it will take a long time to accumulate to study and comprehend so many supernatural powers and laws.

At the same time, being able to master so many laws and supernatural powers is certainly not as simple as the ordinary Da Luo Jinxian.

Maybe, Yuan Shi kicked the iron plate!

Of course, by the way, even the other two of Sanqing got involved together.

Thinking of this, Yuan Shi couldn't help but feel a chill down his spine. Compared with it, the matter of the dragon clan seemed not so important.

He hadn't reacted before, but now after I reminded him, he realized that the person he offended was much more dangerous than the Dragon Clan!

Fortunately, I was still thinking about revenge before, this is simply courting death!

"Brother, brother, what should we do now?"

Yuanshi Tianzun was a little confused and asked.

And Lao Tzu pondered: "Since that senior didn't take action himself, there are only two possibilities. One is that he didn't take you to heart and just did it casually. The other possibility is that he may be recuperating, which is inconvenient." Shot!"

"When you saw him before, didn't you say that he was only at the early stage of Daluo Jinxian?"

Hearing this, Yuanshi Tianzun nodded obediently. At the beginning, he took a special look at Lin Long's realm and determined that it was only the early stage of Da Luo Jinxian, which was also the reason why he dared to do it.

"For today's plan, I can only memorize this cause and effect first. If I have the opportunity to see that person again in the future, if his cultivation base advances quickly, it means that my guess is right. He is an ancient giant. Yes, I can recuperate here, but I was accidentally discovered by you, my second brother."

"If his cultivation is not advancing quickly, it may be that he happened to have mastered some supernatural powers. Then we will take action again to make up for this matter."

"As for the Dragon Clan, if we wait for the three of us together, even if we can't beat the Zulong, it shouldn't be a problem to get out of the way. Besides, the three clans are in dire straits now, and the Dragon Clan shouldn't bother us for a demon whale. .”

Listening to Lao Tzu's analysis, Yuan Shi also nodded again and again: "Brother's words are reasonable, and that's the only way to go."

Looking at the empty sea, Sanqing sighed and turned back to Kunlun Mountain again.


At the same time, in the dragon palace, all the servants of the water tribe were in a hurry.

"Prince Ao Yi is back! Hurry, hurry up and make way!"

A Shui tribe supported the seriously injured Ao Yi, anxiously shouting to open the way.

Ao Hai, the third son of Ancestral Dragon, naturally also got the news at the first time, seeing the wounded Ao Yi, he was furious immediately: "Who is it? How dare you hurt my son like this!"

The son of the Zulong got angry, and suddenly there was a violent shock on the bottom of the sea, and countless aquariums were shaken to this side, and they couldn't stand still.

You know, as Zulong's third son, he has fought against the other two clans for years, and now there is only such a pure-blooded heir left under his knees, who has long been trained by Ao Hai as his successor.

Now that Ao Yi has been injured like this, if the culprit is not beheaded, it will be difficult to relieve the hatred in his heart!

"Father, calm down, those guys who hurt the child are dead."

Holding on to his pain, Ao Yi spoke.

Hearing this, Ao Hai calmed down a bit: "My son, what's going on?"

Only then did Ao Yi tell his story from the beginning to the end.

Of course, because of Lin Long's instructions, Ao Yi always blurred out Lin Long's name.

He only said that he met a mysterious and powerful Dragon Clan and rescued him.

"This time there are many dangers, thanks to that Dragon Clan, but I have never heard of Dragon Clan and other four-clawed Dragon Clans before, and according to what you said, that Dragon Clan is covered with golden scales, with a faint blue light, this... "

He was a little puzzled, after all, there are too few cases where dragons can evolve on their own.

"But no matter what, I, Aohai, have made a note of this matter. If there is a chance in the future, I will definitely repay you. Come, help the prince to rest first!"

The guards of the Shui tribe didn't dare to delay, they hurried forward and helped Ao Yi back to his water mansion to cultivate.

And just as Ao Hai was still thinking about what happened just now, another announcement came from outside the Dragon Palace.

"The Eastern Sea Demon Whale King begs to see Longzi, and ask Longzi to be the master for me."

"Um?"

Ao Hai was taken aback.

what's the situation? Why did things happen one after another today?

"Let the Demon Whale King come in!"

As Ao Hai spoke, soon, the primordial spirit of the Demon Whale King came in front of Ao Hai.

As soon as he saw the Demon Whale King, Ao Hai realized something was wrong.

"Demon Whale, how did you become like this? What about your physical body?"

The Demon Whale King was extremely miserable, and he cried out: "Dragon, please be the master for me! That Yuan Shi deceived others too much, robbed me of the treasures of the East China Sea, refused to admit it, and even brought people to seek revenge!"

He narrated the matter from his own perspective. Of course, because of the transfer of cause and effect, the Demon Whale King described Lin Long and Yuan Shi as the same person from beginning to end.

Snatch the fairy island in the East China Sea! Bullying the East China Sea Aquarium! Bring people to seek revenge! It caused the Demon Whale King to lose his body!

One by one, Ao Hai was also furious when he heard it: "It's unreasonable, you are really deceiving me that there is no one in the Dragon Clan!"

Originally his son was injured, Ao Hai, who was still angry, was completely furious now.

"It seems that before our Dragon Clan became the sole overlord of the world, anyone dared to step on it!"

"Pass my order! To send troops to the Shui Clan, I will first go to Kunlun Mountain to find Sanqing! Then I will go to the Feng Clan and kill the spirit of the Feng Clan!"

As Zulong's own son, Ao Hai naturally has countless elite soldiers.

The Feng Clan bullied his son, and San Qing bullied his generals. Doesn't it make sense to rub the Dragon Clan's face on the ground?

If you don't show up, what face does the Dragon Clan dare to claim to rule the world?


		