

After struggling to the end, Hongjun still said that sentence.

Seats cannot be changed.

When Hongjun was hesitating, he also thought that this time the seat will be left as it is for the time being, and the seat will be changed after the next lecture.

But as soon as he saw Lin Long beside him, Hongjun suddenly realized that if Lin Long can make trouble this time, he can do the same next time, so it is better to stop this matter here.

Although such a seat will be very troublesome when enshrining the holy throne.

But as long as one's attitude is tougher, these prehistoric creatures can't say anything.

The only question is whether Lin Long will make trouble when the time comes.

But that's all for later. Now that Hongjun has made a decision, this sermon can be regarded as over.

After thanking Daozu Hongjun again, all the great powers withdrew from Zixiao Palace one after another.

Lin Long didn't leave, because he knew that Hongjun would definitely look for him, and he just wanted to talk to Hongjun about the good fortune jade plate.

"Fellow Daoist Lin Long, can you move forward and talk?"

Sure enough, a transmission sounded, it was Hongjun's voice.

Lin Long nodded with a smile on his face, signaling Sanxiao, Zhao Gongming and Nuwa to go out first.

Soon, only Hong Jun and Lin Long were left in the hall.

Daozu Hongjun looked at Lin Long with a complicated expression, and said slowly: "Daoist Lin Long, I haven't seen you for many years, I didn't expect you to come to this lecture."

With a smile on the corner of Lin Long's mouth, he said, "Hehe, I'm still thinking about moving in such a lively scene. Fellow Daoist's path of cultivation is indeed exquisite, and I have benefited a lot from it."

Hongjun's complexion suddenly became even worse.

If you prostitute yourself for nothing, you can prostitute yourself for nothing, if you take advantage of it, you can take advantage of it, and now you have to say it in front of me?

But he also knew that Lin Long did it on purpose, so he took a deep breath and stopped worrying about it. He didn't let Lin Long stay here because of these trivial matters.

Looking at Lin Long, Hongjun said in a deep voice: "Fellow Daoist, you and I made an agreement before, I will not disturb your Dragon God Realm, and you can't stop me from preaching the Great Desolation, can this agreement still count?"

This is what Hongjun really cares about, other things are trivial.

Lin Long smiled slightly, nodded and said, "Of course it counts, why did fellow Taoist say that?"

"Then why did Fellow Daoist sit on that futon today?"

Hongjun didn't believe that with Lin Long's cultivation and vision, he couldn't see that those futons he kept were of great use.

But Lin Long sat on it without hesitation, so that his plan changed.

However, Lin Long asked back: "Fellow Daoist, in my capacity, where should I sit? Sitting on the ground like those ordinary creatures?"

"This……"

Hongjun was at a loss for words immediately, where else would it be suitable to sit, it would be most suitable if you don't fucking come!

But the problem is that Lin Long is here, so it is indeed no problem to sit in this first place.

Although Lin Long's cultivation level cannot be seen, Hongjun can vaguely feel that Lin Long's cultivation level is not inferior to his own. Sitting with ordinary creatures like Honghuang is an insult to Lin Long, and it is also an insult to Lin Long. I really shouldn't insult myself.

Hongjun's train of thought gradually started to go astray following Lin Long's words.

"I didn't think carefully this time, but Daoist, next time you preach, can Daoist not come to participate?"

This sermon is just the beginning, let your reputation spread, the second time is the real highlight.

The method of beheading the three corpses practiced by the way of the quasi-sage is the way that Hongjun really wants to preach the prehistoric world, and there must be no mistakes.

But Lin Long was here to make trouble, so how could he agree to Hongjun so easily.

I saw Lin Long smiled slightly, and said: "Fellow Daoist Hongjun, you said before you preached that in the prehistoric age, anyone with a predestined relationship can come and listen. I can sit on this futon even if I get to Zixiao Palace. Daozu preached, but I am the only one to be excluded?"

"Is this a bit too much? I also have the heart of the Tao. Could it be that the Taoist ancestor has a lack of Taoism and cannot treat everyone equally? If so, how do you integrate the Tao of Heaven? You know, the Tao of Heaven is selfless."

After Lin Long spoke a series of words, he was speechless.

He knew that he was definitely no match for playing lip service with Lin Long.

Hongjun took a deep breath, and could only take advantage of Lin Long's mouth.

It's not that he didn't think about fighting Lin Long, but he had promised Lin Long before that he would borrow the good luck jade plate. Now that Lin Long didn't say anything, he didn't dare to violate his oath and kill Lin Long, otherwise the law of heaven would be at a disadvantage, and he would be even worse. Difficult to integrate with Heaven.

Of course, even without this restriction, today's Hongjun would not dare to fight Lin Long easily.

Because he couldn't see through Lin Long's reality!

What should I do if this guy is really as good as myself? You know, at this level, once you make a move, you will destroy the world!

He wants to control the prehistoric, not destroy the prehistoric!

"Fellow daoist, this is the practice method of completely beheading the three corpses. If you agree with what I just said, this method will belong to you. Also, if the disciples you brought want to practice this method, you can do it You can practice, but the way of heaven is numbered, so you don't need to come to Zixiao Palace next time."

Hong Jun took out a formula with his backhand and placed it in front of Lin Long.

He could tell that the six extra people in Zixiao Palace were Lin Long and his disciples.

As for Lin Long, he wished he could slap Lin Long's disgusting face. He hated everything, even Lin Long's disciples, so he naturally didn't like it.

Besides, preaching Zixiao Palace by myself will become a good story in the future.

The three thousand guests in Zixiao Palace correspond to the three thousand on the Great Dao.

If people like Lin Long have been here all the time, wouldn't they become the three thousand and six guests in Zixiao Palace if they spread the word in the future?

This is so messy, it's very embarrassing!

Lin Long scanned the technique with his spiritual sense, and it was true that he was beheading the three corpses, but he did not come here for the purpose of beheading the three corpses.

Besides, the cultivation method of beheading three corpses can also be heard in the following sermons. This old boy Hongjun is completely dishonest.

Taking a ten thousand step back, the Dragon God Dao created by himself, after continuous improvement, is no worse than Hongjun's method of killing three corpses, and it is modified from the orthodox practice path.

It is not impossible for people in the Dragon God Realm to reach a certain level in the future and become the Hunyuan Daluo Golden Immortal.

On the other hand, this method of beheading the three corpses, without the approval of the Primordial Purple Qi and the Dao of Heaven, would have to be confined to the realm of a saint for the rest of his life. Even if he became a saint, he would be immortal, but he would be under the control of the Dao of Heaven forever.

What is the picture of cultivation and what is the picture of exploring the road, isn't it just being carefree and doing what one wants.

Could it be that I have practiced to the end just to be a senior laborer for you Hongjun?

I want to fart!

"Fellow Daoist, it's not difficult for me to leave. I want a top-grade innate spirit treasure."

Lin Long said with a smile: "Before you promised to lend me the fortune jade plate, today you want me to leave and stop making trouble. In addition to the fortune jade plate, you also give me an innate spirit treasure."

"A congenital spiritual treasure? Also, do you want to create a jade dish right now?"

To Hongjun, a congenital spiritual treasure is nothing at all. What surprised him was that Lin Long wanted to create a jade plate now!

No, I want to borrow the fortune jade plate!

Didn't he know that after borrowing the fortune jade plate, it meant that he would dare to attack him without any scruples?

You know, the oath I made at the beginning was not to do anything to him before borrowing the good fortune jade plate.

But I didn't say that after I borrowed it, I didn't do anything!

"This guy's cultivation must have reached the level of a saint, otherwise he definitely wouldn't be borrowing the good luck jade plate now!"

Hongjun asserted in his heart that Lin Long's cultivation was at least equal to his own!

This is so dangerous!

Thinking of this, he didn't think much about borrowing the fortune jade plate.

Lin Long's cultivation level was already on par with his own, if he borrowed the good fortune jade plate and improved further, wouldn't he be embarrassed by that time?

"Fellow Daoist, I still have a use for the good fortune jade plate, so I can't lend it to you for the time being!"

Thinking of this, Hongjun refused straight away.

Anyway, when he made the oath before, he didn't say that Lin Long would lend it to him immediately if he asked him to borrow it!

"Fellow Daoist, are you planning to renege on your debt?"

Lin Long's complexion began to look bad, and his mana began to mobilize. If there was any disagreement, he would fight in Zixiao Palace.

However, his posture fell into Hongjun's eyes, which confirmed Hongjun's guess!

"No!"

Hongjun took a deep breath, and said, "I am really useful for the good fortune jade plate. As compensation, I can give you two more innate spirit treasures!"

He was not stingy with innate treasures, after all, at his and Lin Long's level, ordinary innate treasures were no longer in their eyes.

After crossing that realm, even a quasi-sage peak holding dozens of top-grade innate spirit treasures is still useless. It is no different from ants to saints or Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian.

"Alright, but I have to pick one of the treasures myself."

Lin Long didn't expect to be able to successfully blackmail Hongjun's fortune jade plate. If there was a fight, the whole prehistoric world would probably collapse.

Now Hongjun is willing to take the initiative to bow his head, and Lin Long is also happy to borrow the slope to get off the donkey.

After all, safety comes first.

He didn't want to break Honghuang into pieces, and he would be in more trouble then.

Hongjun frowned, just about to refute, then sighed, and said: "Forget it, fellow Taoist, please speak up, if I have one, I will promise you."

Now he didn't want to make any more fools, he just wanted to send Lin Long away quickly.

Lin Long smiled slightly, and said: "Hehe, it's very simple, Daoist Hongjun, the Qiankun Cauldron is in your hands, right? As long as you are willing to give this thing to me, I will definitely not preach again this time." Appeared in Zixiao Palace."

"Fellow Daoist, think about it, how about it?"

He is determined to eat Hongjun.

And Hongjun's eyes suddenly shrank, feeling a burst of heartache.

It's not that he is reluctant to part with the Qiankun Ding, it's that this thing will be of great use in the future.

But what if he doesn't give it to him, and he asks for the jade plate again?


		