

Feeling the dragon power emanating from Lin Long's body, all the flood dragons finally reacted.

"You, you are a dragon!"

Lin Long didn't answer, he sat on the dragon chair and looked at the crowd of flood dragons below.

This is not the answer I want.

But obviously the group of flood dragons below were frightened.

"No, that's not right! Even if you belong to the Dragon Clan, so what, now the Dragon Clan is restricted by the Dao of Heaven, making it difficult to practice!"

"Give it to me, kill him!"

"Draw his dragon blood!"

The dragon blood of the dragon clan is definitely a great tonic for these flood dragons.

And with the purity of Lin Long's blood, a drop of blood can even regenerate a real dragon.

But the premise is that Lin Long is willing.

A group of flood dragons reacted, and immediately wanted to rush up and take Lin Long down.

"court death!"

Lin Long spat out two words lightly.

In the next moment, the coercion that was a hundred times stronger than before exploded.

The entire Dragon Palace shook violently, like a huge palm slapped down.

But all the dragons within ten feet of Lin Long turned into blood mist.

The Flood Demon King slumped down on the ground.

Lin Long slowly stood up from the dragon chair, and behind him, a phantom of a green dragon slowly emerged.

The phantom is not tall, it just swims wantonly behind Lin Long, but it has the same eyes with Lin Long, looking at the kneeling Demon King contemptuously.

One two three four five!

At this time, Jiao Demon King saw the dragon claws on Lin Long's phantom, and his pupils shrank.

The blood on his face faded instantly and turned pale.

"Dragon, Lord Dragon God."

"Oh, did you recognize it?"

Lin Long walked to Jiao Demon King with an indifferent expression.

Every step he took was like stepping on the heart of the Jiao Demon King.

Beads of sweat dripped down the temples.

Soon Lin Long came to Jiao Demon King's side.

"Just now you seem to say that you want to leave the Dragon Clan?"

The Flood Demon King lowered his head a little, and he didn't even dare to reply.

Lin Long continued.

"By the way, when did the Dragon Clan have an extra dragon race? I haven't been in the prehistoric world for too long. Please explain it to me."

Establishing a single race is equivalent to breaking away from the original ethnic group.

Unless the bloodline has changed and the clan agrees to leave the clan, it will be considered a betrayal.

And there is often only one end for the betrayer.

Lin Long's words became the last straw that crushed the Flood Demon King.

bang bang bang!

The Jiao Demon King's head kept knocking on the ground.

Even though the blood was already flowing out, he didn't dare to stop at all, and kept begging in his mouth.

"Master Dragon God! It's me who is obsessed with ghosts. I just wait...just..."

"Just what? I just feel that the dragon clan is in a weak position and can no longer provide you with benefits, so you occupy the Dragon Palace, occupy the West Sea, and even want to rebel against the dragon!"

Speaking of the last two words, Lin Long's killing intent has already been revealed.

"Ah, I fight with you!"

Flood Demon King knew that if he went on like this, he would only die, and his great fear made him inexplicably a little courageous.

The next moment, he stood up against the pressure and grabbed Lin Long!

However, when the claw was less than three inches away from Lin Long.

Flood Demon King froze in place.

It was only because the phantom of the green dragon behind Lin Long became a little more solid, and a pair of vertical pupils looked at him coldly.

Will die, and if you pass one point forward, you will definitely die.

"Well, this seat will give you a chance to tell me, is there anyone behind it!"

thump!

The Flood Demon King knelt on the ground again, and he couldn't muster up his courage anymore!

"It's Qinglong, the ancestor of Qinglong let us get rid of the dragon clan."

Just staring slightly, the Flood Demon King was completely scared out of his wits.

"Well, sure enough."

How could a small flood dragon dare to betray the Dragon Clan.

Even if the dragon clan is weak, it is still easy to kill a dragon.

But he just did it.

Now finally the back allegation is out.

"Tell me everything you know, without saying a word, otherwise, just accompany Zulong to the immeasurable calamity."

The Jiao Demon King trembled again.

Accompanying Zulong... In other words, the person in front of him is going to send himself to the Eye of Chaos.

If Zulong knew that he had betrayed the dragon clan, then the true spirit would have to be annihilated by himself.

Knowing that Lin Long was not joking, the Jiao Demon King didn't dare to delay, and immediately said everything he knew.

"Dragon God, since you led the dragon clan to the Dragon God Realm, the flood dragons and some dragon races who traveled in the wilderness did not know what to do, and the remaining dragon clan really didn't have much control over the four seas."

"Originally, everyone thought that they would hide like you, but at this time, the ancestor of the Qinglong appeared again in the prehistoric, let us break away from the current dragon clan, gave us some blood of the ancestor dragon, let us develop on our own, and weaken the dragon at the same time. The strength of the Dragon Clan of the Four Seas."

The Flood Demon King explained the cause and effect of the incident.

Lin Long just closed his eyes and listened quietly.

Neither correct nor ask.

After the Flood Demon King finished speaking, Lin Long also guessed the general idea.

Before, Qinglong and Zhulong teamed up to attack him, trying to fight for the control of Sanxian Island and Dragon God Realm, but he was easily crushed by him.

For the sake of the same clan, Lin Long didn't feel too embarrassing for these two guys, but just drove them out of the Dragon God Realm.

I didn't expect it to stop after coming out.

Qinglong wanted to completely erase and replace the dragon clan he had placed outside, and use these miscellaneous dragons to return to the peak of the dragon clan.

"It's really persistent enough. I haven't woken up from the big dream of fighting for hegemony yet."

A killing intent flashed in Lin Long's eyes.

Qinglong is a dragon clan of the same generation as the ancestor dragon, and even not lower than the ancestor dragon.

Lin Long didn't want to move this living fossil of the dragon clan.

In any case, it is also the high-end combat power of the Dragon Clan.

But this guy is going to kill himself, and if he continues to leave him outside to do evil, maybe it will ruin his own affairs.

"Forget it, since we are not on the same road, let's end it as soon as possible."

Lin Long sentenced Qinglong to death in his heart.

Looking at the Jiao Demon King kneeling on the ground again, Lin Long asked, "Do you know where Qinglong is now?"

"My Lord Dragon God, the current whereabouts of Qinglong Patriarch is unknown, but senior Zhulong is being imprisoned in this West Sea."

"What? Candle Dragon is still being imprisoned by you?"

"Yes, the Azure Dragon Patriarch ordered us to extract the blood essence from the Candle Dragon in order to breed a new Dragon Race."

"Hmph, take me there."

Lin Long snorted coldly.

Today's harvest is really big enough.

Following the Jiao Demon King, Lin Long soon came to the deepest part of the Dragon Palace.

Compared with the bright light in other places, it looks particularly dim here.

Crash.

There was a sound of iron locks.

A cold female voice came from the darkness.

"You group of ants dare to trap me!"

"When I get out of trouble, I must report this matter to the Dragon God Realm! You, and that green dragon, none of you can escape!"

Lin Long was very familiar with this voice, it was indeed Zhulong's voice.

It's just that there is a little more hatred than the last time I heard it.

But what surprised Lin Long was that Zhulong would still think of the Dragon God Realm and himself when encountering things.

The Flood Demon King on the side looked embarrassed.

"Lord Dragon God, this is it, Senior Candle Dragon is right in front."


		