

Things went surprisingly well.

Seeing the branches of the World Tree taking root in the Chaos Orb, Lin Long was overjoyed.

But soon, the world tree after taking root did not continue to grow.

Instead, it stops at the seedling stage.

"Um?"

"what happened?"

Unlike other heaven and earth spiritual roots, the World Tree does not need time to grow. As long as the conditions are right, it will soon grow into a complete spiritual root.

But what does it mean to stay at the seedling stage?

After some investigation, Lin Long quickly discovered the cause of the incident.

There is only one reason why the World Tree stays at the seedling stage, and that is the incomplete laws in the Chaos Orb.

If it was a complete Chaos Orb in the past, it might really be able to cultivate a World Tree.

But the damaged Chaos Orb is incomplete, which makes the World Tree unable to grow even though it can survive and germinate.

Lin Long couldn't help feeling distressed.

"This is how to do?"

The Chaos Orb was broken, and he definitely couldn't repair it now.

"According to legend, the shattered fragments of the Chaos Orb evolved into twenty-four Dinghai God Orbs. This should be in the hands of Zhao Gongming."

"But in the prehistoric world now, has Zhao Gongming appeared?"

Zhao Gongming is a disciple accepted after Tongtian, and he seems to have been enlightened by Tongtian.

It's really hard to say whether you can find it by yourself.

"Forget it, you have to try it anyway."

Although it was a bit difficult, Lin Long decided to give it a try.

After all, the temptation is too great.

Completing the Chaos Orbs meant that he could obtain two Chaos-level Spirit Treasures at once.

No, to be precise, it is a Chaos grade, a Dao grade.

Even Hongjun would be envious of this thing.

Lin Long asked himself that his temperament was not bad, and he would not be too excited, but now thinking of this matter still made ripples involuntarily.

Put away the Chaos Orb, and if you want to find something, the most convenient thing is of course your own magical ability to know the future.

[You used your magical powers to know the future, looking for the trace of the first ray of wind in the prehistoric world. 】

[Leaving this place, traveling eastward for 40 million miles, there seems to be an unusual climate. 】

Ni Zhifu didn't give himself a particularly obvious reminder, but since there was a reminder, it must have gained something, and Lin Long also knew that he couldn't waste time.

Under the operation of supernatural powers, the distance of 40,000,000 miles only took less than a cup of tea.

Traveling forty million miles, this place is already very close to Kunlun Mountain.

As soon as he arrived, Lin Long felt a different breeze by relying on the almost perfect law of wind.

Looking up, there are three colorful clouds in the sky, and a breeze is constantly drifting.

Although they have not yet turned into human form, they can clearly feel that they have already given birth to spiritual wisdom.

"Sure enough, Tongtian hasn't enlightened Sanxiao and Zhao Gongming yet."

At the same time, Lin Long also felt that in this invisible breeze, there were some crystal clear things that looked like stars.

Feeling these crystals, the Chaos Orb had a slight throbbing.

Lin Long knew that he was looking for the right thing.

With a wave of his hand, the crystal in Qingfeng was taken out by Lin Long.

In Lin Long's hands, the crystals quickly evolved into twenty-four beads.

"Twenty-four Dinghaishen beads, good, good."

Lin Long tried to move the twenty-four Dinghai God Beads towards the Chaos Beads.

But the result is not satisfactory. Although these things have a sense of each other, they cannot be integrated.

"It seems that they have been separated for too long. These broken crystals have re-evolved, and we must find a way to refine them again and return them to their original state."

For treasures of the level of Chaos Orb, ordinary refining methods are definitely useless.

Even if it is impossible to research the refining methods of the Great Desolation to the peak, only by mastering some materials in the chaos, coupled with specific refining methods, can it be successful.

In addition, treasure refining equipment is also very important.

For example, the Qiankun Cauldron, which is refined and refined against the innate, is a very good tool.

"Sure enough, this matter is not as simple as I thought."

Although he did not succeed in cultivating the World Tree, Lin Long was not too annoyed.

The mood quickly calmed down.

If you suddenly get a great opportunity, it may not be a good thing, it may also be a disaster from heaven.

On the other hand, after Lin Long took the twenty-four Dinghai Shenzhu away in the breeze.

The breeze began to become violent, as if a child had been robbed of his beloved toy.

Gusts of wind kept agitating.

Lin Long shook his head: "It seems that he has really awakened his spiritual wisdom."

After finishing speaking, Lin Long's eyes narrowed, and a dragon chant resounded throughout the world.

In an instant, the breeze that had just blown subsided instantly.

The turbulent sound waves spread thousands of miles.

With Lin Long's current state, if he wanted to, he could blow the breeze away with a single blow, and then there would be no more Zhao Gongming.

Although the breeze is not a real thing, you can still feel the slight shaking of the breeze.

Obviously scared.

The anger of losing Lingbao just now also disappeared at this moment, completely turning into a good baby.

"Hehe, that's right."

"It may not be a good thing to keep these twenty-four Dinghai Pearls in your hands."

Lin Long remembered that Zhao Gongming died at the hands of Ran Deng when he was enshrining the gods.

With the help of the twenty-four sea-fixing beads and the measuring ruler, Hou Randeng evolved the twenty-four heavens of Buddhism.

In Zhao Gongming's hands, this thing is a time bomb, and it will only be a matter of time before someone remembers it.

But if it falls into your own hands, the situation will be completely different.

With his current status and strength, when he became a god, even if he lent him the courage to burn the lamp, he would not dare to grab something from his own hands.

"But this thing should have belonged to you in the first place, and this seat can be regarded as taking your things, that's all, I will give you a fortune."

Lin Long waved and pointed.

A breath carrying the law of wind submerged into the breeze.

The invisible breeze that had just collapsed began to twist and deform, and soon, it turned into a human figure in the breeze.

After doing this, Lin Long didn't stop.

Now that Zhao Gongming was enlightened, Sanxiao might as well enlighten him.

Lin Long stretched out his hand and pointed again, one finger held the Inextinguishable Karma Fire, the other finger held the Green Wood Vitality, and the other finger held the Sanguang Shenshui.

It is said that it is sending good luck, of course it cannot be given at will.

These enlightenments were all done by Lin Long.

Unextinguishable Karmic Fire, Greenwood Vitality, and Sanguang Shenshui, relying on these enlightenments, several people will also have an extra supernatural power.

What's more, the attributes of these supernatural powers are also in line with their respective bodies.

As for Zhao Gongming, his own understanding of the law of wind is extremely profound, and it has a strong blessing on Zhao Gongming himself.

After a while, the four figures knelt down in front of Lin Long.

Three women and one man said respectfully to Lin Long in unison.

"Thank you for your kindness, senior, I will never forget it!"


		