

On Buzhou Mountain, Lin Long and Fuxi and Nuwa were immersed in discussing Taoism, and they didn't know what happened below Buzhou Mountain.

Naturally, Lin Long didn't know that after bearing the title of Dragon God, he now had another title of Witch God.

If I knew, I don't know what kind of expression it would be.

On the mountain in Buzhou, spring goes and autumn comes, I don't know how many years.

The three people who were silent in the avenue finally gradually restrained their breath.

"Huh... Brother Lin's cultivation is really amazing. Last time we met, my brothers and sisters could still watch his back, but now it is so difficult for me to discuss Dao."

On the stone bench, Fuxi let out a foul breath.

Talking about it with Lin Long is a discussion, but in fact, it's more like Lin Long giving their brothers and sisters a small lesson.

Compared with Fuxi and Nuwa, Lin Long's comprehension of divine powers and the study of the laws of good fortune are much better than Lin Long's.

With the blessing of great luck, Lin Long found that he comprehended these supernatural laws more than a hundred times faster than ordinary monks.

In addition, Lin Long has never slacked off in these years.

There is a saying, don't be afraid that someone is more talented than you, but be afraid that the talented person will work harder than you.

Lin Long belongs to the latter group. Even with the assistance of Dao Qi Luck, Lin Long's cultivation has never stopped.

This is the entry.

Nuwa was at the side, her beautiful eyes slowly opened.

"Brother Lin, you are amazing! Didn't I tell you the law of good fortune before, and now it surpasses me!"

From Lin Long, Nu Wa can be said to have benefited the most.

In just a few hundred years, Nu Wa improved her law of good fortune by more than 10%, and directly comprehended it to 50%, which is a small leap forward.

"Okay, we have been discussing the Dao for a while, and we can't keep doing this. There should be some time to digest and comprehend, and the rest of the time is up to you to comprehend."

Hearing that Nuwa was a little disappointed, this feeling of rapidly improving her strength is still very fascinating.

boom!

Lin Long stretched out his hand and flicked it on Nuwa's smooth and white forehead.

"Ouch!"

Nuwa cried out in pain, Nuwa pouted, looked at Lin Long, then covered her head and shrank her neck, looking very cute.

Lin Long laughed.

"Okay, you can't chew too much, digest what you have learned during this period, and you must lay a solid foundation, so that your achievements will not be low in the future."

Unknowingly, Lin Long has become the image of an elder brother in front of Fuxi and Nuwa.

The days that followed were much simpler.

With the body forging method and the law of strength, the life-saving cards.

In addition to practicing, Lin Long practiced every day.

The Great Way of Fortune and the Great Way of Forging Body have been discovered through Lin Long's practice, and the two seem to complement each other.

The two practiced at the same time without interfering with each other, which saved Lin Long a lot of time.

As for the law of strength, compared with other laws, comprehension of the law of strength is much more difficult.

From comprehension to now, Lin Long's comprehension of the law of force is less than 5%.

At the same time, if it was put on other laws, with the blessing of great luck, Lin Long would have realized at least 30% of them.

But the more this is the case, the more it proves the power of the law of force. Lin Long believes that his current energy investment is worthwhile.

He had a hunch that his law of force would definitely come in handy at a critical moment, and it was not impossible to even save his life.

On this day, Lin Longji was practicing in the backyard of Nuwa Dojo.

"Brother Lin, are you still practicing?"

Nuwa's voice reached Lin Long's ears.

It happened that Lin Long, who was a little tired, simply stopped his cultivation temporarily, and looked at Nuwa who came over.

"You girl, you're running over again."

Lin Long shook his head. Ever since he settled down in Buzhou Mountain, Nuwa had found something to do. Except when she was practicing, she pestered him almost all the time.

The point is that this little girl is still very smart, and every time she pinches her tired time, the reason is either to rub her shoulders, or to get some spiritual fruits for herself, so that Lin Long can't do anything even if she is disturbed. Angry, but kind of like it.

Hearing Lin Long's words, Nuwa stuck out her tongue playfully

"Hee hee, Brother Lin, I didn't come by myself this time, Brother Fuxi also came."

As he was talking, he saw Nuwa behind, and Fuxi followed slowly.

"Brother Lin, I'm a little tired from practicing recently. I heard from my younger sister that you are going to rest soon, so I didn't disturb you."

Well, this girl has already counted the time.

Lin Long shook his head: "No, I happen to be a little tired too, let's sit down and have a rest."

Nu Wa moved to Lin Long's side holding the spiritual fruit.

"Brother Lin, your current cultivation base should be the top in the prehistoric world. Why do you practice so hard every day?"

Nuwa asked curiously.

Fuxi on the side also showed curiosity.

During this period of time, my brother and sister have also observed Lin Long's practice, which is definitely much higher than theirs.

Fuxi also knew some things about the prehistoric world, and knew how far Lin Long's cultivation had reached.

Because of this, Fuxi was even more curious.

Lin Long thought about it.

"The way is endless. Although my current cultivation base is not bad, if you don't work hard, you will soon catch up. Besides, even in the current prehistoric situation, you, Brother Lin, I am not invincible."

"As far as I know, there are at least three opponents that I am not yet against."

Nuwa Fuxi was taken aback.

"Three? Brother Lin, which three, are you no match?"

The two brothers and sisters always thought that Lin Long was already the top power in the prehistoric world, but they didn't expect that there would be someone that Lin Long considered invincible.

"Mozu Luohu, Daozu Hongjun, and Yangmei Patriarch."

"These three are all demon gods left over from the chaos. As for whether there are other hidden powers in this prehistoric world besides these three, it's hard to say."

Fuxi and Nuwa were stunned.

"It turned out to be an old monster left over from the chaotic era. It's normal that you are not an opponent, big brother."

"However, I believe that it won't take long for the elder brother to surpass them."

Nuwa held her pink fists and made an appearance of cheering Lin Long up.

A smile appeared on Lin Long's face.

"Hehe, you're right, I, Lin Long, will definitely surpass them, and it won't be long."

Lin Long could already feel that his physical body and primordial spirit were transforming.

It is possible to break through to the realm of Hunyuan Jinxian at any time, which is the so-called quasi-sage of the prehistoric world.

Breaking through this realm by himself is not like Hongjun's tricky way of beheading the three corpses and merging with the way of heaven.

He followed the most orthodox cultivation method, and his strength improvement was not a little bit.

As long as he reaches quasi-sage, Lin Long is sure that he can fight head-to-head with the two Chaos Demon Gods, Hongjun and Luohu!

At that time, I really had some power to protect myself.


		