

Looking at the Demon Ancestor Luohu, Lin Long didn't care as much as he did for the western duo.

However, he did not display the supernatural power of anti-knowing the future.

He had already tried it before. When Ni Zhifu deduced it, the higher the cultivation level of the characters involved, the more blurred the deduction would be.

This Luo Hu is now the top powerhouse in the prehistoric world, so Lin Long naturally wouldn't waste his spiritual power on deduction.

Anyway, with his own strength, this sixth child is not enough to pose a threat to him.

At this moment, Luo Hu was smiling, and stretched out his hand to stick the God-killing Spear on the ground, and said with a smile: "Hehe, Fellow Daoist Qingmu, it's been a long time since I saw you, and your cultivation has improved. It's really gratifying. I can't say it. Zodiac is no longer your opponent."

Naturally, Lin Long would not take this kind of polite words seriously.

The moment Luo Hu appeared just now, a feeling of extreme danger had grown in his heart.

Obviously, not only his own cultivation has improved in recent years, but Luo Hu and Hongjun's cultivation will certainly not stand still.

However, in comparison, the current situation is still much stronger than before.

When I faced Luo Hu before, I just felt like I was looking up at a high mountain.

But now, he is enough to see through Rahu's realm.

At this time, Luo Hu was at the peak of quasi-sage.

In contrast, the realm of Dao Zu Hongjun should be the same. After the decisive battle between the two, Na Hongjun will be able to prove the Dao and become holy in less than ten thousand years.

And I must also break through to the realm of Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian within this period of time!

"Fellow Daoist Rahu, if you have something to say, you may as well speak it out, there is no need to test each other between you and me."

Lin Long said lightly: "I haven't forgotten what happened to Hongjun before."

The last time I met Luo Hu, the sixth child, before leaving, Luo Hu secretly wanted to put himself together, so that Hongjun would be on guard against him.

Lin Long kept this kind of thing firmly in his heart.

Luo Hu, this dog, seems to be careless, but in fact he is as careful as silk.

"Hehe, Fellow Daoist Qingmu, don't be nervous. I'm here this time, so I naturally have something to discuss with you."

Luo Hu opened his mouth and said, "How did fellow Taoist think about my proposal before?"

The two were talking. Although San Xiao and Zhao Gongming didn't know the identity of the man called Luo Hu in front of them, they knew from Lin Long's attitude that Luo Hu was a master who was not weaker than their master.

Therefore, the four disciples stood aside obediently and did not dare to speak, even Bi Xiao, who was always lively and active, did not dare to intervene.

Lin Long shook his head and stared at Luo Hu: "I'm not interested in controlling Honghuang, you and Hongjun's matter, you can settle it yourself, don't involve me, otherwise, don't blame me for taking action!"

After his strength became stronger, he naturally had the confidence to speak.

Because even if the current Luo Hu is dissatisfied, he doesn't dare to do anything to him easily!

Once a move is made, it will not be possible to tell the outcome in a short period of time, then Hongjun will definitely come, and at that time, Luo Hu will be passive!

Naturally, Luo Hu also understood this truth. After hearing Lin Long's clear rejection, displeasure and coldness flashed in his eyes.

As the ancestor of the devil, he is naturally proud.

The atmosphere between the two suddenly became tense.

The originally clear sky was covered with overcast clouds in an instant, and thunder kept flashing in the sky.

However, the strange thing is that the thunder in the sky seems to be divided into two sides, constantly fighting.

Countless purple-black thunderbolts as thick as buckets kept surging in the dark clouds, and each thunderbolt was enough to seriously injure monks in the Daluo realm!

And this kind of thunder, innumerable, kept churning in the clouds.

The creatures on the western land were panicked and trembling because of this mutation, and the slightly stronger creatures also hid in their dojos.

The terrifying atmosphere lasted for a few breaths, and then quickly dissipated, as if nothing had happened.

Only the feeling of lingering fear is reminding all living beings, just now, it is definitely not an illusion!

That's a powerful rivalry secretly!

And San Xiao and Zhao Gongming who stood behind Lin Long didn't even dare to breathe.

It was just a simple confrontation between Lin Long and Luo Hu, but it was many times more terrifying than the previous dealings with Yingyin and Zhunti.

In contrast, the coercion against Jieyin and Zhunti before was really like a joke.

The vision dissipated, and the killing intent in Luo Hu's eyes was completely hidden.

"Hehe, Fellow Daoist Aoki is really a heavenly genius, he has crossed the realm of Daluo in such a short time, if he was born in the same chaotic period, even if he is me, I am afraid that he will not be your opponent."

Luo Hu held back the killing intent in his heart and smiled.

But Lin Long didn't show any face: "It's just a matter of time."

Anyway, he had already torn his face, and he didn't bother to argue with Luo Huxu anymore.

But Luo Hu was not annoyed, he just laughed dryly and said: "Since Fellow Daoist disagrees with my proposal, then I won't stay any longer. The west can be regarded as my Taoist place. Fellow Daoist can take his disciples on a good tour."

After all, the devilish energy filled behind Luo Hu, and a gap opened, and Luo Hu's figure fell backwards, disappearing in an instant.

After all, the Demon Ancestor is a Demon Ancestor, and his words are not generally domineering. With his words, he directly encloses the entire West into his dojo!

Of course, these words are also to remind Lin Long not to go too far when traveling in the West.

"Do you think that I will get used to your problem?"

Lin Long also sneered, since he came to the West, he naturally had to do a good job of searching, so what about your Demon Ancestor Luohu? Come out and kill me if you have the ability!

With the appearance of the Demon Ancestor Luohu, Lin Long began to plunder in the west more like revenge consumption, and along the way, there was no grass growing, and thousands of miles of red land!

It wasn't until Sanxiao and Zhao Gongming's tired legs and feet were sore that they stopped temporarily.

"Master, is it really okay for us to do this? The senior just now..."

Thinking of the collision between Luo Hu and Lin Long, the disciples were afraid that they would cause trouble for Lin Long.

But Lin Long waved his hand, and said: "The teacher asked you to hunt for treasures, you just look for treasures, the rest is the teacher's business, and the old man just now is not your senior, the relationship between the teacher and him is very good." Not that good."

"If the teacher is not around in the future, you can hide as far as you can when you see this guy."

Listening to Lin Long's warning, San Xiao and Zhao Gongming nodded repeatedly: "Yes, I remember it."

"Well, you go to Beihai first, because the teacher will order someone to pick you up from Beihai to Sanxian Island, and stay here for the teacher, there are still important things to do."

The formation of the Sanxian Island stands in the North Sea. Lin Long originally planned to take them back to the North Sea, but strayed into the west, and now he was provoked by Luo Hu face to face. If Lin Long didn't get something good that would make Luo Hu feel bad I'm sorry for myself.

And the reason why he let a few disciples leave first was because he was worried that what he was going to do next would offend Luo Hu. Once a fight broke out, he didn't care.

Although San Xiao and Zhao Gongming didn't know what Lin Long was doing here, they were very obedient, nodded immediately, turned and headed towards Beihai.

After Lin Long notified Kunpeng to welcome several disciples through the Dao contract, he immediately took out the fragments of the good fortune jade plate.

The law of cause and effect shot out in an instant, forming a barrier within a radius of ten thousand miles. Even Rahu had no way of ascertaining what happened inside it.

"This Cyanwood Dragon God, what is he doing? Searching for some geniuses and treasures and laying out formations, how can I be so stingy?"

On Mount Sumeru, Luo Hu's face was full of disdain. Most of the geniuses and treasures in the prehistoric era, Luo Hu really didn't pay attention to them.

Even if Lin Long scoured the west for thousands of miles, he didn't care. There were very few treasures that a person like him could really see.

"Genius and earthly treasures are foreign things after all. After stepping through that realm, the luck of heaven and earth is what we should really fight for!"

Luo Hu curled his lips, but then, Luo Hu suddenly opened his eyes wide and roared!

"Lin Long, you thief, how dare you steal my Western Spirit Vein!"


		