

The small world of the demon clan.

Di Jun watched the Dragon God Realm displayed in front of everyone from afar, with mixed feelings in his heart.

Standing beside Di Jun, Tai Yi didn't show much expression other than shock.

Seeing that Di Jun had been silent for a long time, Tai Yi spoke up.

"Brother, how about it, it was the right decision to marry Dihua and Houyi back then."

When Di Jun heard this, although he didn't want to admit it in his heart, he had to nod his head in agreement.

Looking at the strength displayed by the Dragon God Realm now, it is not difficult for the opponent to really destroy the Yaozu.

So far, there are only four monks in the consummation realm of Daluo Jinxian of the Yaozu.

As for the Dragon God Realm, there are already more than a dozen people present.

And there are still several cultivation bases that are still above the consummation state of Da Luo Jinxian, and I can't even tell what state the other party is.

That's what hurts the most.

But now, fortunately, there is no conflict between Yaozu and Dragon God Realm, and because of his daughter's affairs, they have a relationship with Dragon God Realm.

This is definitely of great benefit to the future of Yaozu.

But soon, Di Jun frowned again.

Seeing Di Jun's expression on the side, Tai Yi couldn't help asking: "Brother, why are you frowning?"

Di Jun let out a long breath, and said, "Although the Dragon God Realm is powerful, the opponent they are facing this time is not a simple character."

Although Daozu Hongjun was repeatedly targeted by Lin Long and ruined the plan, these things were all behind the scenes after all, and no one in the prehistoric world knew about those things.

The only thing I know is that because of Duke Dong, Lin Long and Hong Jun fought in the void before, but there was no winner, and they stopped fighting halfway through the fight.

Therefore, no one in the prehistoric world knows whether Qingmu Dragon God or Daozu Hongjun is stronger or weaker.

And seeing Dao Patriarch Hongjun rushing to the Dragon God Realm excitedly at this moment, there must be a way to check and balance the Qingmu Dragon God!

Otherwise, why did Daozu want to go to Dragon God Realm?

If there is no certainty of victory, why don't you take the initiative to go to the Dragon God Realm to be humiliated?

Moreover, even if Daozu Hongjun couldn't kill the Qingmu Dragon God, once he reached their level, if he did it, the creatures in the Dragon God Realm would inevitably suffer casualties.

Therefore, in the entire prehistoric world, no matter whether it is Di Jun or others, they don't look good at Dragon God Realm.


"The Three Heavenly Clans..."

Hongjun squinted his eyes and looked at these masters of the three clans who should have disappeared during the Long Han Jie, and some bad memories were brought back in his heart again.

"Since you dare to jump out, then go back to your original destiny!"

A murderous intent flashed in Hongjun's eyes undetectably!

Immediately, with a wave of his sleeve, a force of law directly crushed the masters of the three races who were blocking the way ahead!

"Hmph, this old bastard, he actually has such a cruel hand on the junior!"

Inside the Dragon God Hall, Lin Long watched Hongjun make a move with a look of disdain on his face.

This seemed to be a random blow, but it was actually a killing intent. Under normal circumstances, these quasi-sages and Da Luo could not take it.

Even just the aftermath is enough to destroy the entire Dragon God Realm!

Hongjun, the sixth son, wanted to kill all the disciples on the island directly while he was not paying attention, completely destroying the foundation of Longshen Island.

It has to be said that Hongjun looks decent, but he actually has 800 hearts.

but……

Lin Long grew eight hundred and one!

Up to now, he has no intention of making a move.

Under normal circumstances, those masters in the Dragon God Realm couldn't stop Hongjun's blow, but with the help of the power of chaos blessed by Lin Long, it would not be a problem to deal with Hongjun.

Otherwise, the Chaos Orb would be a Chaos-level treasure in vain!

As Lin Long's disciple, Zhao Gongming and others naturally knew Hongjun's insidiousness. Now that he saw Hongjun making a move, Zhao Gongming immediately shouted: "Everyone listen to the order, start the Three Immortals Floating Formation!"

He wants to protect the three tribes in Dragon God Realm.

Because he understands that the Dragon God Realm is the foundation of Master, no matter what, it cannot be destroyed!

The Three Immortals Floating Life Formation was an extremely powerful defensive formation that Lin Long had comprehended through the luck of the Dao when he was looking for the Three Immortals Island.

Later, as Lin Long's formation method became more and more mature, the Three Immortals Floating Life Formation was also played by Lin Long, and it was no longer a simple defensive formation.

As Lin Long's disciple, Zhao Gongming and others naturally also learned this formation.

It has to be said that Zhao Gongming and San Xiao are really talented in the formation together, and they arranged the floating formation of the three immortals almost in the blink of an eye!

A streak of colored fluorescence directly enveloped the Dragon God Realm.

Everyone tried their best, their abilities were limited, and the opponent was Daozu, not a cat or a dog.

As long as they dare to be distracted, they definitely don't know how they died.

Lin Long has always adhered to the principle of safety first, and everyone who has been taught by Lin Long naturally understands this deeply.

They never thought that Hongjun was a Taoist ancestor or a soft-hearted guy.

So even in the face of Hongjun's random blow, he was still full of energy.

boom!

The power of law collided fiercely with the barrier formed by Zhao Gongming's people.

The aftermath of the attack has been spreading for tens of millions of miles.

Countless creatures were shocked from ear to ear by this scene.

"This, is this really a random blow?"

"It's over, it's over, those people in Dragon God Realm are probably dead enough to die this time."

"Hey, it's a pity, if they come to Honghuang, they will all be top-notch talents."

There was a burst of regret in the hearts of all living beings. Dao Patriarch was a saint after all. With such a tyrannical attack, the Dragon God Realm might really be destroyed today!

However, when the smoke cleared, everyone looked in the direction of the Dragon God Realm just now, and countless creatures stared wide-eyed with disbelief on their faces.

"This this……"

"It's all right! People from the Dragon God Realm are all right!!!"

I saw that in the direction of Sanxian Island, the fluorescence of the formation still did not dissipate.

In the formation, everyone looked a little pale, but they recovered after a simple breath adjustment.

Seeing that his blow hadn't worked, Hongjun narrowed his eyes slightly.

"Hmph, after all, he is a disciple of the Cyanwood Dragon God, he really has some skills."

Hearing this, Zhao Gongming and the others said angrily: "Hongjun, even if you are the ancestor of Dao, this is the Dragon God Realm, so it's not your turn to be presumptuous!"

"I will never let you disturb Master!"

Hearing this, Hongjun snorted coldly, didn't say anything more, and directly sacrificed the jade plate of fortune!

Immediately, a vast power of heaven exploded!

Hongjun didn't change on the surface, but in fact, the blow just now didn't work, which made him very angry.

"Even the good fortune jade plate was sacrificed. It seems that this old boy Hongjun is going to be serious."

Inside the Dragon Temple, Lin Long knew he couldn't continue watching the show.

Cai Hongjun's blow just now was enough to teach these juniors in the Dragon God Realm a profound lesson.

Next, Hongjun wants to make a serious move, so he can't sit idly by.

Outside the formation, Hongjun held the jade plate of good fortune in his hand, and the power of heaven turned into a giant hand, and slapped towards the formation of Zhao Gongming and the others.

All the prehistoric powers who were paying attention to the situation couldn't bear to close their eyes, thinking it was a pity in their hearts.

Daozu was really angry, so many great powers in the Dragon God Realm will die at the hands of Hongjun Daozu today!

In the face of Hongjun's terrifying attack, Zhao Gongming and the others did not retreat half a step, showing determination in their eyes.

Just at the very moment, a calm voice suddenly came from the Dragon God Hall.

"Hongjun, how can you say that you are also the Daoist ancestor of Honghuang, why are you still starting a real fire with a few juniors?"

The next moment, outside the formation, a breeze blew past, but the giant hand transformed from the vast power of heaven was blown away like smoke and dust!

When he came back to his senses, Lin Long stood not far from Hongjun with a smile on his face outside the Three Immortals Floating Life Formation.

"Hmph, Lin Long, you are finally willing to show your face!"


		