

"The role of the origin of the way of heaven is by no means as simple as improving your cultivation base as you said."

"You were originally an innate creature, so it's not surprising that you don't know about it."

The Blood Demon God in the cage evoked a charming smile, held the edge of the space cage, stretched out his jade hand, and hooked his fingers towards Lin Long, as if he was tempting Lin Long.

The Blood Demon God's words were obviously only half spoken.

Lin Long raised his brows, and walked towards the Blood Demon God without haste.

Finally, outside the cage, he stopped face to face with the Blood Demon God.

"Let's talk, don't be tricky, what is the function of the origin of the way of heaven?"

Lin Long crossed his hands and looked down at the Blood Demon God.

"Come closer, this is a secret, it's not good to be known by too many people."

The Blood Demon God's demeanor is full of charm.

But the next moment!

Inside the spatial cage, hundreds of spatial sharp blades slashed towards the Blood Demon God in all directions.

The blood demon god who was not checked for a while was dismembered and turned into a pool of flesh and blood, scattered all over the cage.

Lin Long was unmoved and did not speak, just watching all this happen quietly.

After a while, the divided flesh and blood squirmed, and quickly re-formed the Blood Demon God.

"Che, what a heartless guy."

The Blood Demon God curled his lips in dissatisfaction. Although he was still a little tempting, he obviously didn't intend to seduce Lin Long this time.

Obviously, the lesson Lin Long gave just now made the Blood Demon God much more honest.

The Blood Demon God is very beautiful, and with that unique charismatic temperament, it can be said that he is not inferior to Nu Wa, Xi He, Chang Xi and other female fairies.

But Lin Long has never been the kind of guy with a sperm on his head.

Otherwise, with Lin Long's status, the harem of the Dragon God Realm would probably be filled.

"Honestly, I don't really like wasting time."

Lin Long Gujing's soundless voice reached the Blood Demon God's ears again.

"cut!"

"Really, just say it."

"Besides being able to improve one's cultivation, the most important function of the origin of the way of heaven is actually to preserve the origin of the Chaos Demon God."

"Help the Chaos Demon God to be reborn after death."

"If there is enough origin of the Dao of Heaven, the Chaos Demon God can even be resurrected and return to the peak state directly."

Lin Long frowned, staring at the Blood Demon God.

"Do you think I have no means to deal with you?"

Lin Long didn't believe the Blood Demon God at all.

This lie was so full of loopholes that Lin Long was too lazy to expose it.

The origin of the way of heaven can help the Chaos Demon God to resurrect, which looks very tempting.

But the one in front of him, without the help of the origin of the way of heaven, wouldn't he be resurrected in the same way?

Lin Long believed that with the ability of the Chaos Demon God, not all of them had the ability to resurrect from death, but it must be nine out of ten.

When cultivation has reached a certain level, no matter whether it is spiritual consciousness or physical body, they are infinitely close to immortality.

The method of resurrection and rebirth is just a matter of course.

If the origin of the Dao of Heaven really only has such a function, then these Chaos Demon Gods will only look around unless they have a problem with their brains.

"I knew you wouldn't believe it, but I'm not done yet."

The Blood Demon God was not at all surprised by Lin Long's performance.

The Blood Demon God straightened his expression and looked at Lin Long: "The resurrection I'm talking about means that after the chaos is destroyed, the origin of the Dao of Heaven can still bring the Chaos Demon God back to life."

"There should be remaining Chaos Demon Gods in the prehistoric world. I felt their aura just now."

"You were not the Chaos Demon God originally, so it's not surprising that you don't have the memory inheritance shared by the Chaos Demon God."

"If you were originally the Chaos Demon God and had memory inheritance, you would definitely believe my words."

Lin Long frowned and thought about the words of the Blood Demon God in front of him.

Chaos destruction?

This is key information.

Lin Long didn't believe that these Chaos Demon Gods would prepare for the impossible.

In other words, in the consciousness of these Chaos Demon Gods, the destruction of Chaos is inevitable.

Even the flood entrusted in the chaos, naturally cannot escape the fate of destruction.

"What's going on? Explain it clearly." Lin Long stood in mid-air with his eyes closed, still calculating in his mind.

"From the moment of birth, all Chaos Demon Gods have a memory in their minds to prevent the destruction of Chaos."

"We don't know why, but this memory is extremely clear, and every Chaos Demon God firmly believes that this thing will definitely happen."

"It seems that our birth is to prepare for this event and prevent the destruction of chaos."

"But the Chaos Demon God also has spiritual intelligence. The more powerful a life is, the more powerful it is, the more it has the means to resist life and death, and the more it fears death."

"This fear that has been in my heart since birth has caused many Chaos Demon Gods to look for ways to survive."

"But the Chaos Demon God itself was born from the Dao, and the true spirit is actually placed on the Dao."

"Once the chaotic world is destroyed and the avenue collapses, the Chaos Demon God will have no possibility of being reborn."

"Later, Pangu was born in the chaotic world, that monster..."

When Pan Gu was mentioned, the Blood Demon God's eyes showed a little more fear.

"When Pan Gu opened up the world, all the Chaos Demon Gods thought that he was the beginning of the destruction of Chaos."

"Driven by instinct, countless Chaos Demon Gods struggled to resist."

"However, all demon gods are not his enemies."

"In the end, all three thousand Chaos Demon Gods were beheaded by him."

"Just when all the Chaos Demon Gods felt that they were bound to die."

"Pangu opened up the prehistoric world, and gave birth to the origin of the way of heaven."

"Just for a moment, all the Chaos Demon Gods had the same feeling in their hearts. The origin of the Dao of Heaven can help them escape from the Dao and come back to life."

"With this feeling, most of the three thousand demon gods fell asleep."

"If it weren't for you, I'm afraid it would take a long time to wake up."

"That's the way it is."

The Blood Demon God lazily leaned against the cage railing, looking at Lin Long playfully.

She wanted to know how Lin Long would react when he learned the truth about these things.

But Lin Long's expression did not change from the beginning to the end, which made the Blood Demon God feel a little boring.

"Hey, I've told you everything you asked. You said let me follow you, and I agreed. You should let me out."

"You can't let me stay in this cage forever."

"Or do you have any special ideas? Hee hee, I have no problem, do you want to experience the feeling of the Chaos Demon God..."

"No more nonsense, let you continue to sleep."

At some point, a sharp sword of space was already hanging on the neck of the blood demon god.

On the long sword, the blood demon god felt a little danger.

"Even if you want to follow me, I can't rest assured. If you are willing to sign a contract, I will let you out."

Lin Long stretched out his hand and tapped lightly in the void, and the Dao Contract appeared in front of the Blood Demon God.

"The contract of the Dao rule? I didn't expect you to have such a means."

"But it doesn't matter. Anyway, if you can't find a way, you will die. If the avenue is destroyed, this contract will not take effect. Let's just play with you."

The Blood Demon God signed the contract without hesitation.

Immediately, Lin Long felt the connection with the Blood Demon God.


		