

Hearing the words of the Demon Whale King from a distance, Lin Long didn't have the slightest intention to stop, he laughed and walked away against the wind.

Only the Demon Whale King was left behind, constantly yelling and cursing.

"Yuanshi, you shameless villain, don't be shy!"

The Demon Whale King was too slow to catch up with Lin Long, so he could only watch Lin Long Yufeng disappear into the sky without a trace.

"Okay, okay, you Yuanshi Tianzun! You claim to be the authentic Pangu, but now you are so shameless, I can't catch up with you, but this matter will never stop here!"

"I will let the whole prehistoric world know what you have done!"

The Demon Whale King roared angrily, and in an instant, the waves surged, and countless whale aquariums emerged from the water.

"Immediately spread the news here, so that the whole prehistoric world knows the true face of Sanqing Yuanshi! Let's see if he will have the face to flaunt his authentic Pangu identity in the future!"

The Demon Whale King was furious, and told the matter to all the aquariums, and the aquariums naturally responded immediately, swimming in all directions to spread the matter.

And Lin Long naturally didn't know about this matter, of course, even if he knew, he wouldn't care.

It was Yuan Shi who did the bad things, so what does it have to do with me, Lin Long?

Besides, the current prehistoric is not the future prehistoric, Sanqing is not yet sanctified, at most he has some reputation in the prehistoric, which is not enough to scare those big monsters.

And the Demon Whale Clan is also a relatively strong faction under the Dragon Clan, so naturally they will not be afraid of Sanqing.

What's more, the Demon Whale King himself is also the Daluo Jinxian's cultivation level, which is not much better than Sanqing!

Of course, the potential of the Demon Whale King is estimated to be that of the Great Luo Jinxian. If he wants to further become a quasi-sage, it may be impossible.

And Lin Long himself is a master who doesn't want to suffer. Although he doesn't want to get involved in trouble, if someone offends him, he easily trips up Yuanshi and uses Yuanshi's name to do bad things. He can say that he has nothing to do with it. psychological burden.

Soon, Yufengliuyun is very fast!

Not long after, Lin Long had completely disappeared on the surface of the East China Sea.


But at this moment, in the ancestral line of Kunlun Mountain, a figure was in a state of embarrassment, staggering down the cloud head.

"Damn it, I accidentally fell for that kid!"

"The law of time, Sanguang Shenshui! What is the background of that kid?"

"How dare you cut my three flowers and hurt my cultivation base, this cause and effect, I have recorded it!"

Yuanshi Tianzun gritted his teeth in hatred.

Since the birth of consciousness, he has never suffered such a big loss!

"The most urgent thing is to recover from the injury first. The Sanguang Shenshui is really powerful, and it is still melting the three flowers on top of me!"

"If it weren't for the support of the Heaven-Opening Merit, I'm afraid the realm would have fallen by now!"

Along the way, Yuan Shi didn't dare to stop longer, for fear that Lin Long would chase him from behind. Now that he finally arrived at his old nest, Kunlun Mountain, he could finally heal the injury caused by Sanguang Shenshui.

"Take care of the injury first, and when the injury is healed, I will definitely end this karma with my own hands!"

"There are also those three fairy islands. I didn't care about them before. Now that I dare to do something to me, I will definitely decide on these three fairy islands!"

Although Yuanshi prided himself on being jade-clear, implying nobleness and purity, his heart was far from broad-minded.

What's more, he still wanted to kill people to seize treasures. Now that he was injured by Lin Long, he hated Lin Long even more.

Mentioning mana, Yuanshi returned to his dojo, no longer wasting time, and calmly recuperated his injuries.

There are naturally many exotic flowers and herbs on Kunlun Mountain, and Lao Tzu among the Sanqing is proficient in alchemy, so there are naturally many elixirs in Yuanshi's hands.

Coupled with the protection of Kaitian merit and virtue, the weakening of the top three flowers may be a very difficult injury for others, but for Yuanshi, it is not a problem. It is only a matter of time before it can be recovered.

And while Yuanshi Tianzun was recuperating from his injuries, a rumor also spread from the East China Sea to all directions.

"Have you heard? The Yuanshi of the Sanqing Dynasty, who was cultivating latently on Kunlun Mountain, even disregarded his face and forcibly snatched the spiritual treasures of other ethnic groups!"

"I also heard that after Yuanshi Tianzun robbed the Lingbao, he confronted others and fled without fighting. Is this true or not?"

"I've also heard that Yuan Shi claimed to be the authentic Pangu of the Three Qing Dynasty, but when he saw the treasure, he coveted it. He didn't even want to make a face, not to mention snatching it, and he didn't even have a bit of shame. He even boasted about his family!"

"Tsk tsk tsk, Pangu Zhengzong is this kind of person, it really opened his eyes!"

Above the prehistoric times, rumors spread everywhere, and the momentum intensified.

As the culprit of this rumor, Lin Long rushed all the way to Buzhou Mountain without any psychological burden.

Of course, his purpose of traveling this time was to increase his experience, so he was not in a hurry, but stopped and walked along the way, leisurely.

"what--"

However, a miserable howl suddenly sounded!

"I am a direct descendant of the Dragon Clan, how dare you sneak up on me like a bird!"

A curse rang out one after another along with the miserable howl.

Following that, streaks of golden blood spilled down.

"Hahahaha, Ao Yi, so what if you are the direct descendant of the Dragon Clan? If it falls into the hands of my Phoenix Clan, am I still afraid that you will fail?!"

"This place is your burial place today. I have already checked it out. There is no dragon breath within a radius of ten thousand miles. Today, you will die!"

"If you kill the direct descendants of the Dragon Clan, Fengzu will reward me heavily!"

In mid-air, there were bursts of phoenix cries, full of killing intent!

And at the next moment, boundless flames descended from the sky!

At this moment, Lin Long also raised his head to see the situation above.

I saw a three-clawed golden dragon drenched in blood in the air. There were several deep scratches on the waist and abdomen, and the golden blood continued to splatter.

Obviously, this golden dragon is already seriously injured.

And around him, there are three phoenix clans hovering!

It's just that the bloodlines of these three Feng clan are obviously not very pure, and there are some miscellaneous hairs on the feathers.

Those three phoenix realms are all in the mid-stage of Taiyi Golden Immortal, while the Golden Dragon realm is at the peak of Taiyi Golden Immortal, and they are only one step away from becoming Daluo Golden Immortal.

It's a pity that the gap in realm is made up by the quantity.

"What about the dragon and phoenix clan?"

Lin Long shook his head and didn't want to care.

I don't know how many people died in the battle between the three clans. Now this is just a small battlefield. Even if he is a direct descendant of the dragon clan, if he makes a move, what benefits can he get?

Taking ten thousand steps back, how many dragons could have been saved even if he took action himself? Besides, who knows if there will be a powerful Dragon Clan appearing?

He has always been adhering to the principle of safety first, and he doesn't want to be too prominent and be targeted by others.

Therefore, even though Jin Long and Lin Long were of the same clan, Lin Long shook his head and planned to leave.

However, the next moment, Lin Long stopped.

Because of the boundless flames, falling from the sky, covering a radius of thousands of miles!

In other words, Lin Long was also shrouded in it...

Obviously, those three phoenixes didn't pay attention to the other races at all. Thousands of miles away, how many creatures of other races would die under this sky fire!

In fact, not only the Phoenix Clan, but also the Dragon Clan and Qilin Clan will not pay attention to the life and death of other races.

When fighting, they would not care about the life and death of other creatures at all, if not, they would not have caused boundless murder.

"It's so troublesome."

Lin Long waved his hand to disperse the falling flames beside him.

But this action caught the attention of the three phoenixes over there!

How could they not know that the sky fire they radiated was dispelled by the creatures?

Just looking at Lin Long's Taoist robe, he couldn't tell what race he was from, so he immediately shouted, "Where did Xiaoxiao come from? How dare you meddle in my Feng clan's affairs!"

According to normal logic, the one who can transform into form is at least the Da Luo Jinxian!

These phoenixes are not so blind.

However, in today's world, the three races are self-important and tyrannical, so naturally they don't pay attention to the rest of the living beings.

Even Da Luo Jinxian, how many dare to take care of the affairs of the three clans?

"What a fucking bad luck!"

Lin Long curled his lips.

But Ao Yi over there seems to have grasped at the straw, and immediately said: "Senior, please save my life. I am the direct descendant of the Dragon Clan, Ao Yi, the descendant of the third son of Zulong. If you save me, The Dragon Clan must be grateful!"

As Ao Yi opened his mouth, Lin Long suddenly felt a trace of cause and effect emanating from Ao Yi's body, connecting with his breath.

"What a hassle."

Lin Long naturally understood what this cause and effect was.

After all, he is also a Dragon Clan!

Under the blessing of the so-called Heavenly Dao, all members of the same clan have karma. If they have never met, it is okay to say, but now that they have met, and the other party asks for help, it does not matter if they do not act. Lin Long.

[You used your supernatural powers to know the future, and killed three phoenixes. There are no strong Phoenix people nearby, so you are very safe]

He casually casted Reversing the Future, and just as Lin Long was about to make a move steadily, the three phoenixes over there said, "Hahahaha, just such a creature, if he dares to make a move, he would have done so just now, Ao Yi, you I'm dizzy!"

"Damn creature, get away, otherwise, I'll kill you too!"

But the third phoenix didn't speak, and just shot a fireball, pounced towards Lin Long!


		