

To be honest, Lin Long was in a hurry to leave because he really couldn't stand Dong Wanggong anymore, and if he continued listening to him, he might not be able to bear it anymore and would start to fight him coldly.

This guy seems to be completely immersed in his own world, and he doesn't listen to other people's ideas at all.

It seemed that whenever someone came to his small broken island, it was to join his subordinates and be driven by him.

And when the Eastern Prince saw him talking eloquently, Lin Long left without hesitation without even saying hello, and his face suddenly became gloomy.

"Huh, you have eyes but no eyes! When I control the entire East China Sea, and you come to join me at that time, I will teach you a lesson!"

He felt that Lin Long should be grateful for his appearance of being eager for talents, and then Natou begged to join him for his own encouragement.

However, he is so ignorant!

"Humph!"

After a cold snort, Duke Dong firmly remembered the appearance of Taoist Mosquito in his heart.

At this moment, Lin Long's Mosquito Taoist avatar was already thousands of miles away from the East China Sea, so he slowed down.

"The greatness of the prehistoric world is indeed full of wonders. There is such a strange thing. In the future, the Eastern Prince will be killed by Di Jun with his hands. It is really not wronged at all!"

Lin Long shook his head, and didn't bother to pay attention to such things.

However, from the matter of Duke Dong, Lin Long did not gain nothing.

At least from the attitude of the East Prince towards the Dragon Clan stationed in the East China Sea, it can be seen that the Dragon Clan has really faded out of the prehistoric stage.

Although it has its own existence, its influence is not great, otherwise, even a guy like Duke Dong would not have dared to do his best to develop his own power on the territory of the Dragon Clan of the East China Sea.

For this kind of thing, Lin Long is not angry, after all, he is just a clown.

Now the dragon clan who stayed in the prehistoric and stationed in the four seas was deliberately left for these guys to bully, in order to leave them with the impression that the dragon clan was weak.

Otherwise, if those prehistoric powers know how strong the Dragon Clan is, then they will target the Dragon Clan.

Show the enemy weak, low-key development is the kingly way!

If the current Dragon Clan showed their full strength, all the Wu Clan and Monster Clan would have to stand aside.

But this kind of thing is completely meaningless. What Lin Long wants is to survive for a long time, not to be prestige for a while.

Being the overlord of heaven and earth is nothing more than ruling the roost.

What Lin Long wanted was to turn his Dragon God Realm into a force that surpassed the prehistoric world and manipulated all beings behind his back!

Of course, this kind of thing can't be rushed yet.

Hongjun and himself have their own plans, and there must be a winner between them.

Before that, you have to keep a low profile anyway.

After leaving the East China Sea, Lin Long traveled to the West Sea without knowing it.

He is very familiar with Donghai. He started his business in Donghai at the beginning, and he is also familiar with Beihai. The entrance of the current base camp is in Beihai.

As for the West Sea and the South Sea, I haven't been there very often. When my body was traveling around in order to break through the Daluo Golden Immortal Consummation, I had seen it twice.

But it is only limited to seeing.

Now that he arrived at Xihai again, he found that Xihai had completely changed.

Previously, the West Sea was silent and there were few living things.

But looking at it now, there are many water palaces in the West Sea, and there are fairy mountain islands above the sea that look like stars.


"You evil dragon, if you keep pestering me, don't blame me for being rude!"

A coquettish reprimand containing anger suddenly entered Lin Long's ears.

"Hey, little beauty, you can't escape my palm..."

Following the sound, I saw two figures chasing after one another.

Running in front was a female fairy in a palace skirt, with delicate features and outstanding temperament, while the one chasing behind was a male fairy with a cheek covered in scales and a playful expression.

"Does the dragon take form?"

As the dragon god of the dragon clan, Lin Long naturally sensed the breath of the dragon clan.

This dragon is not a pure dragon, but Lin Long can still distinguish the mixed and unclear aura on his body.

At the time of the Dragon Han Tribulation, because of Lin Long's existence, the dragon clan was not blocked from cultivation.

But because of the huge karma caused by killing evil, although the ancestor dragons carried most of the karma, the rest of the dragons who stayed in the prehistoric land still practiced at a much slower speed.

On the contrary, some dragons with thin dragon blood were not affected.

Just based on that Jiaolong's words, Lin Long can probably understand the reason of the matter.

Relying on his good cultivation, he caused troubles everywhere in the wild.

At present, I am afraid that is the case.

Lin Long shook his head helplessly. From the looks of it, the Dragon Clan will have to clean it up in the future. These miscellaneous dragons like flood dragons need to find someone to restrain them, so as not to cause trouble and implicate the Dragon Clan.

While contemplating, the female fairy saw Lin Long's figure, as if she had found a life-saving straw, she shouted, "Fellow Daoist! This evil dragon is entangled in me, fellow Daoist, help!"

The female fairy's eyes were full of anxiety, but it was Jiaolong who was chasing behind. Seeing Lin Long's figure in front, she said viciously, "Boy! I advise you not to meddle in your own business! Get out!"

He has been thinking about this fairy for a long time, and today he managed to break through the restriction of the fairy dojo, and the duck he got could not just fly like this.

Lin Long originally didn't intend to meddle in other people's business, but when he heard the evil dragon speak, his eyes instantly turned cold.

But the female fairy saw that the two sides were getting closer, but Lin Long didn't make any movements, and a look of disappointment flashed in the female fairy's eyes.

But she didn't blame Lin Long, after all, there was no unreasonable help in the prehistoric world.

"Evil Jiao, even if I die today! It is impossible for you to succeed, so you should die!"

Gritting her teeth, the female fairy was about to stop and make a final fight with this evil dragon.

"Hehe, little beauty, why is this so? You set up a dojo here in Xihai, and I also hold a third of Xihai in my hands. You follow me, mine, or yours. Xihai has a lot of resources now. Maybe there is hope for you to go further.”

The evil dragon had a sinister smile on his face, like an old cat playing with a mouse: "Don't be ignorant of current affairs, look at that kid just now, even if he asks for help, what can he do? This is Xihai, who dares to offend my Jiaolong clan? Just obey me obediently, hahaha!"

"Jiaolong, when did you become your own clan?"

However, at this moment, a slightly cold voice pierced into the ears of the evil dragon, which made the evil dragon suddenly tremble.

But at the next moment, a figure stood behind him without knowing when!

"You! Kid! How dare you meddle in the affairs of my Flood Dragon Clan!"

Frightened and angry, Jiaolong suddenly turned around!

But when he turned back, there was no figure behind him.

Immediately, a big hand appeared out of thin air, directly pinching the dragon's neck.

In an instant, the energy channels of Jiaolong's whole body were blocked, and the mana and spiritual power in his body, and any power, could not be mobilized!

"You! How dare you attack me!"

In Jiaolong's eyes, besides anger, there is also fear.

Obviously, this guy who I just thought was unremarkable is a piece of iron.

"For the sake of your dragon blood, please spare your life and stop harassing this fairy, otherwise, it will be your death."

For such ants, Lin Long relied on his status and just taught him a lesson.

Asking him to kill the opponent, Lin Long really didn't want to do it, besides, he still needed the Jiaolong to go back and report the news, so that he could see what's going on in Xihai now!

Lin Long let go, and Jiaolong knelt on the ground panting heavily.

"Thank you, senior, for not killing me."

After saying a word, Jiaolong turned around and disappeared without looking back without the slightest hesitation.

"This fellow Taoist, you shouldn't let him go. If you do something to him, he won't let it go. You'd better go."

Lin Long didn't take it seriously, of course he knew that the other party would not let it go, but this was exactly his purpose.


		