

Originally thought that Lin Long's current realm is already below that of Taoist Ancestor, and in this Zixiao Palace, the so-called Qingmu Dragon God is just like all the powerful people in Honghuang, no different.

At most, it is slightly stronger than other great powers.

But now, everyone found that things were not as simple as they thought!

After Daozu saw Lin Long, he was obviously stunned for a moment, and then released another futon without hesitation, and was equal to it.

what does that mean?

It means that Daozu admits that this Qingmu Dragon God is no less than himself!

It is very possible that what I and others thought before were all wrong.

The strength of this Qingmu Dragon God is still not weaker than Daozu Hongjun, but if that's the case, why these young Qingmu Dragon Gods didn't even move in the wild?

Moreover, he is not weaker than Daozu Hongjun, why should he come to listen to the sermon?

Everyone was puzzled.

And Yuan Shi, who was sitting on the futon, had a very ugly face at this moment.

When he first entered the palace, he had ridiculed Lin Long, but in a blink of an eye, Lin Long actually sat on the futon that was at the same level as the Taoist ancestor.

It was strange that Yuanshi, who had always been proud and arrogant, could accept it.

In contrast, Nuwa's complexion was a bit complicated.

On the one hand, she felt happy for Lin Long when she saw Lin Long sitting in a high position, but on the other hand, she managed to grab a position close to Lin Long's, but now she was far away.

The people below had their own thoughts, but Hongjun had no time to pay attention to these messy things, because he had enough troubles at this time, seeing that Lin Long was not making a fuss but was sitting next to him so talkatively, Hongjun finally heaved a sigh of relief.

Nice to save face.

However, while he was relieved, he also had a headache.

Next, what should we do?

For the few futons in the hall, those who should have sat on were not seated, and those that were not supposed to be sat on were seated.

"That's all, let's preach first. There are still two sermons before accepting disciples. At that time, Lin Long will be dismissed first, and it will not be too late to make adjustments."

Hongjun took a deep breath, sat on the Qingyun of the sky, and spoke slowly.

"The heaven and earth are mysterious and yellow, the universe is prehistoric..."

ps: The author didn't go to Zixiao Palace to listen to the sermon, so he didn't know what the Taoist ancestor said, so he started with a thousand-character prose to make do, and the party will quit me!

As Hongjun spoke slowly, in the main hall of Zixiao Palace, hype fell from the sky and golden lotuses sprung from the ground!

Boundless dao rhyme rushed over.

All the powerful people in the hall were fascinated by it.

Lin Long was on the side, also listening to the so-called Dao explained by Hongjun.

Stones from other mountains can be used to attack jade, Lin Long did not disregard it just because his cultivation was stronger than Hongjun's.

After all, Hongjun was also from the Chaos Demon God, so he must have a different opinion on the Great Dao.

My own wave is equivalent to whoring for nothing.

The key point is that Hongjun still has nothing to do with himself.

This time, what Hongjun explained was the realm of Daluo Jinxian, and Lin Long found that the practice method Hongjun explained was indeed different from his own method.

For a while, Lin Long was also fascinated.

Time flies, and in a blink of an eye, it has been a thousand years.

Suddenly, on the futon in front of them, Dao rhyme fluctuations appeared on Nuwa and Fuxi!

A coercion that was several times stronger than before emanated.

The two of them turned out to be listening to the sermon, and entered the Daluo Jinxian consummation.

Down below, the Queen Mother of the West and Zhen Yuanzi also showed signs of breaking through the Daluo Jinxian's consummation.

These few people took the lead, and the rest of the great powers who were stuck in the realm of Da Luo listened harder to Dao.

After an unknown amount of time, Hongjun slowly opened his eyes, and seeing everyone's expressions, he nodded in satisfaction.

But when he saw that Lin Long was also listening carefully, his good mood suddenly disappeared.

It feels like I have been prostituted for nothing, and I still have no way to ask for prostitution...

In short, it is very uncomfortable.

The sound of Dao stopped, and everyone slowly retreated from the state of enlightenment.

The first reaction of everyone who had recovered was naturally to thank Hongjun.

"I would like to thank the Taoist ancestor for his kindness in teaching the Tao!"

Hongjun didn't rush to speak, but looked around the crowd first.

That gaze looked at the Twelve Ancestral Witches of the Witch Clan, and at the Emperor Jun Taiyi of the Monster Clan.

Finally opened his mouth slowly.

"Nowadays, there are many races and conflicts in the wild, but there should be a rule of law."

"Today, I want to establish the head of the male fairies and manage the prehistoric male fairies."

As soon as these words came out, all the great powers present could not help but take a deep breath.

There was a look of anticipation in his eyes unconsciously.

Although he knew that this position should be reserved for the witches and demons, he still couldn't help fantasizing in his heart. After all, whoever can get this position can be said to be able to reach the sky in one step.

Especially Dong Wanggong, who loves power very much, is breathing rapidly at this moment, and he can't help but straighten up a little bit, standing on tiptoe, afraid that Hongjun won't see him, so he almost raised his hand to recommend himself.

Over the years, Duke Donghae has accumulated some influence in the East China Sea by virtue of his unremitting efforts. Of course, it is absolutely incomparable with the witch clan and monster clan.

But for some reason, the Wu Clan and the Yao Clan rarely made any big scenes in the prehistoric wilderness these years, which made the Eastern Prince's ambitions grow day by day.

The Twelve Ancestral Witches of the Witch Clan and Emperor Jun Taiyi of the Monster Clan narrowed their eyes slightly.

They looked at each other secretly.

For unknown reasons, a group of powerful people are looking forward to it, hoping that they will have such good luck.

However, the truly qualified Witch Clan and Monster Clan had another idea in their minds.

They have already raised a bit of vigilance towards Hongjun.

Because of Lin Long's reminder before, coupled with Hongjun's actions today, in the hearts of Dijun Taiyi and the Twelve Ancestral Witches, Hongjun is already a dangerous person, and they can't believe anything.

Here he proposes the head of male fairies and fairies, making it clear that he wants to start a war!

Lord Dragon God is still waiting for me. After returning, he has to speed up the progress of building the small world and leave the prehistoric world as soon as possible, so as to preserve the blood.

The Great Desolation is too dangerous, I won't play with you guys anymore.

After a while, Hongjun finally spoke.

"Prince Dong, I will make you the head of the male immortals from now on, and bestow you with a high-grade innate spirit treasure, a walking stick with the head of a dragon."

"Queen Mother of the West, from now on, you will be the head of the female celestial beings, and I will bestow on you a high-grade congenital spiritual treasure, Baofengchai."

As soon as these words came out, the tiptoe Dong Wanggong suddenly opened his eyes wide and almost passed out from excitement.

"Is it me? Really me?"

For a moment, Prince Dong was a little at a loss, and hurriedly knelt down in front of Hongjun.

"Thank you for the conferment of the sage, this disciple will fulfill his mission! Manage the male immortals of the prehistoric world well, and prevent them from making trouble!"

As soon as the East Prince said these words, all the male immortals present frowned, and looked at the East Prince with a trace of hostility.

Although the identity of the head of the male immortal was conferred by Daozu Hongjun, but you Dong Wanggong is not Daozu, and there is not much difference in cultivation base from all the great powers present, and even many cultivation bases are stronger than you. It's okay to be happy at the door, now that you hear what it means, do you still want to really control everyone and use chicken feathers as arrows?

On the other hand, the Queen Mother of the West is not as exaggerated as the Prince of the East, and seems to be a little hesitant to refuse.

After a slight change in expression, he nodded his thanks, took the gift of the spirit treasure, and did not say anything about managing the prehistoric fairy like the Eastern Prince, so that everyone would not be so hostile to the Queen Mother of the West.

After the positions were allocated, all the great powers present looked at Di Jun and the Twelve Ancestral Witches intentionally or unintentionally.

The meaning is obvious, you are the current overlords of the world, do you care about this matter?

Can you swallow this breath?

However, the Twelve Ancestral Witches and Emperor Jun Taiyi were both old gods and did not say a word, which made a group of powerful people who wanted to watch the fun sigh one by one.

And Hongjun looked at the futon below, a trace of hesitation flashed across his face, and finally said that sentence.

"Ten thousand years later, Zixiao Palace will give lectures again, explaining the way of quasi-sages."

"Today's seat cannot be changed, so let's leave."


		