

"A complete truce with the Wu Clan?"

Lin Long's straight-to-the-point words directly stunned Di Jun, and he didn't react for a while.

"Qingmu Dragon God, Wu Clan Wu God, the actual ruler of the three clans!"

He didn't answer Lin Long's words immediately, but repeated Lin Long's three identities in his mouth.

The more he muttered, the stronger his ambition became, and the more disordered his breath became.

Because, Lin Long's words were tantamount to killing his ambition completely.

"What will happen if I don't agree to a truce?"

Hearing Di Jun's words, Lin Long smiled.

"It's your own decision to stop the war and stop the war. I have no right to intervene, but if the fight continues like this, it will not benefit everyone. If it is just for survival, I can help the witches and monsters solve their survival problems. Survival resources are worrying, but if it is only to satisfy your ambitions and continue to spread the flames of war, I will take action myself!"

When Lin Long said this, his tone was flat, and he didn't even let out any coercion, but such a quiet momentum still made Di Jun feel the danger involuntarily.

Suddenly, the atmosphere in the hall became extremely oppressive.

It's obvious that Lin Long doesn't care whether you want to continue fighting or not, but if you want to fight, then I will take action!

"The fight between the Witch Clan and the Monster Clan is a catastrophe. The protagonist of the prehistoric way has long been doomed. Whether it is the Witch Clan or the Monster Clan, in this battle, they will only be reduced to a foil in the end."

"Some things should be let go, don't forget the fate of the three clans."

"If you dare to continue the war, I can guarantee that the outcome of the Yaozu and your brothers will be worse than that of the three Xiantian clans!"

Lin Long said, if Di Jun continues to be obsessed with his obsession, he doesn't mind taking action himself!

Regardless of the large number of monster races, in Lin Long's eyes, it is really not enough.

The reason why he didn't want to take the initiative was because he didn't want to trouble.

But if Di Jun dared to obstruct him, Lin Long would definitely bury the entire Yaozu with his own hands even if there was cause and effect!

In the main hall, a needle can be heard.

Even though Lin Long didn't release his breath, Di Jun felt the invisible pressure.

A picture even appeared in his mind, if he insisted on going his own way, the Yaozu would be destroyed in an instant!

Under pressure, Di Jun finally spoke.

"Okay, I can promise a truce between the Witch Clan and the Monster Clan, but I have to see how you provide the Monster Clan with the survival resources."

Di Jun's ambition is very great, and he has not given up even at this moment.

The reason why he agreed to Lin Long's proposal was because Lin Long put too much pressure on himself.

He said that he would do it himself, if he didn't have some strength and confidence, how dare he speak like that?

Taking ten thousand steps back, even if he didn't make a move, but let the three innate tribes under him join the battle, how could the Yaozu stop it?

Instead of fighting Lin Long hard here, it is better to follow Lin Long's suggestion and develop your own power first, and then make plans when you have enough strength.

Lin Long had expected that Di Jun would say that, and then he nodded, and passed on to Di Jun the world-building method that was previously passed on to the Wu Clan.

Looking at the world development method received in his mind, Di Jun was greatly shocked.

When he looked at Lin Long again, he also realized some problems. Lin Long had much more things in his hands than he thought!

"Huh... Fellow Daoist, this world-opening method is really exquisite, and I admire it in my heart."

"From now on, as long as the witch clan doesn't take the initiative to attack the monster clan, I will not attack the witch clan. What do you think?"

Hearing what Di Jun said, Lin Long nodded and said, "That's the best. If there is nothing else, I will leave now."

After the matter was over, Lin Long naturally didn't intend to stay here any longer. After all, he still had the identity of a witch ancestor and witch god, so it was strange that Di Jun could welcome him.

However, just as Lin Long was about to turn around and leave, Di Jun suddenly stopped Lin Long again.

"Wait a minute, fellow daoist, I still have something to ask fellow daoist."

"Huh? What else?"

Di Jun hesitated for a moment, as if he was struggling with whether he should speak, but soon, Di Jun still got the words out of his mouth.

Because he didn't know if he missed another chance, would he be able to see Lin Long again in the future.

The last time he missed the opportunity, he was almost regretting it, this time, he had to seize it no matter what!

"Dare to be a fellow Taoist, in the Dragon God Realm, is there really a cultivation method above Da Luo?"

Obviously, for so many years, besides managing the monster clan, Di Jun naturally also tried to find out about Da Luo's cultivation method.

It was rumored that the very mysterious Dragon God Realm possessed cultivation methods above Da Luo, so Di Jun had naturally heard of it.

But no one has ever seen it before, so Di Jun was also skeptical.

"Hehe, Demon Emperor, don't worry."

Lin Long said with a smile: "It won't be long before the cultivation method above Da Luo will be popularized in the prehistoric. , Let’s wait for that person to spread it.”

There is no need to hide this kind of thing, sooner or later it is something to know.

It's okay to talk to Di Jun, and Lin Long still has some selfish intentions.

Curiosity is something that every living being has. I told Di Jun that there is a practice method in the Dragon God Realm. Even if I get Hongjun's practice method in the future, I still can't help being curious about the practice method in the Dragon God Realm.

At that time, I can use Di Junbu to make another move.

But these are things for later, Lin Long is just talking casually now.

Afterwards, before Di Jun could speak again, Lin Long's figure flickered and disappeared into Lingxiao Hall.

Di Jun narrowed his eyes, looking at Lin Long who had disappeared in his heart, he didn't know what he was thinking.

After a while.

"Come on!"

In the Lingxiao Palace, all the high-ranking monster clans who had retreated before gathered back to the main hall again.

However, when they looked around, they found that Lin Long was no longer there.

I can't help but feel a burst of horror in my heart.

Although His Majesty the Demon Emperor asked himself and others to withdraw from the Lingxiao Palace just now, in fact, all the demons have been guarding outside the hall, and they have never been mistaken for a moment.

But even so, I and others didn't even know when Lin Long left!

What does this represent? It represents that the cultivation base of himself and others is far behind that of Lin Long!

Not at the same level at all!

Looking at Di Jun again, he had returned to his seat again.

"Bai Ze, there is no need to investigate the matter of the Wu Clan."

"I will teach you a method of opening up the world. Starting today, lead the ten demon gods to open up my demon world! Make sure this matter is done well!"

The demons didn't know why, but they didn't dare to disobey Dijun's intentions, they just bowed their heads and said yes!

Kunpeng, who was below, vaguely guessed the possible reason in his heart.

"Sure enough, Di Jun, the so-called demon king of the demon race, has no right to refuse in front of his master."

After staying in the Yaozu Yaoting for so many years, Kunpeng couldn't understand what kind of character Di Jun had.

If he hadn't felt the pressure, it would be absolutely impossible for Di Jun to compromise.


At this time, Lin Long was in a good mood after finishing the business of the Lich Clan.

If the Witch Clan and the Monster Clan don't go to war, Hongjun's progress in promoting the fusion of heaven and earth will be greatly slowed down.

Now he is one step ahead of Hongjun, and with the help of Pangu's evil thoughts, he has also obtained an immature Dao Seed.

Waiting for him to find a way to nourish the semi-mature Dao Seed into a mature Dao Seed, that is when he completely surpassed Hongjun to suppress the Dao of Heaven.

At that time, who will have the final say in this prehistoric situation, you have to talk about it!

Although he has surpassed Hongjun now, he knows that Hongjun already has the support of heaven behind him. With Lin Long's safety-first temperament, naturally he will not violently attack at this time.


time flies.

Lin Long's clone of Daoist Mosquito had already brought the immature Dao Seed back to the Dragon God Realm, and handed the Dao Seed into the hands of the main body.

Seeing the Dao Seed, Lin Long's body also had a clear understanding, and began to retreat and practice again.

Without the battle between the Wu Clan and the Yao Clan, the prehistoric land was once again peaceful.

Many small clans in the prehistoric world saw a miraculous scene.

Both the Witch Clan and the Monster Clan send out a large number of subordinates every day, but they don't go to war, and they go out early and return late all day long, and no one knows what the two big clans are busy with.

Just when everyone in Honghuang felt that they were not used to this quietness.

A voice suddenly spread throughout the prehistoric world!

"I am Taoist Patriarch Hongjun, today I proclaimed the Tao and became holy in the prehistoric world! Thousands of years later, I will preach in the Primal Chaos Zixiao Palace. Anyone who is destined can come and listen!"


		