

Looking at the four creatures that appeared, Lin Long knew that there was nothing wrong with his enlightenment.

In front of him, the appearance of several people basically matched the image in his memory.

Looking at the black-faced strong man who looked about thirty years old, no need to ask, it must be Zhao Gongming.

As for the other three women who were out of this world, wearing fiery red, cyan and blue skirts respectively, they were Yun Xiao, Qiong Xiao and Bi Xiao.

Of course, this is what later generations call these people. The four of them don't have names yet, and they are just creatures who have just transformed.

Lin Long nodded and said, "You don't need to be polite, you should get up first."

Hearing Lin Long's words, several people dared to stand up, but still only dared to lower their heads, not daring to look Lin Long squarely.

The dragon chant just now really frightened several people.

Although the few people had just transformed into forms under Lin Long's guidance, their consciousness had already awakened, and they had traveled in the wild for many years, and they had seen many things and creatures in the wild.

But it was the first time I saw someone as terrifying as Lin Long.

Seeing that few people were silent, Lin Long smiled and said: "Okay, don't be cautious, I have no malice towards you."

"To give you hints today is also to give you a chance to make good fortune."

"However, these twenty-four Dinghai Shenzhu can't be handed over to you, I still have great use."

"How about this, I will compensate you with a spirit treasure, and the cause and effect will be cleared up."

In Zhao Gongming's hands, the twenty-four Dinghai God Beads can only be regarded as ordinary spirit treasures, and their use is extremely rough, and they only rely on their weight to hit people.

Although it is the weight of a world, for a powerful man like Lin Long, the means are inevitably a bit of a joke.

The use of burning lamps is a little stronger, and it has evolved into the twenty-four heavens, which has confirmed his own practice, thus stepping into a higher realm in one fell swoop, and attaining the Buddhahood.

But in Lin Long's view, this is still inferior.

Only in his own hands, combined with the Chaos Orb, can this thing really play its due value.

Having seen Lin Long's methods, Zhao Gongming and San Xiao certainly dare not say a word.

What's more, Lin Long also promised to compensate them with Lingbao, which is considered a blessing in the wild.

With Lin Long's strength, even if he really took their things by force, Zhao Gongming would have nothing to do.

Lin Long waved his hand, and a wooden branch appeared in his hand, with some barbs on it.

This is a branch that Lin Long broke off from the congenital gourd vine.

Don't look at it as just a short section, the innate gourd vines today are no longer what they used to be.

Under the nourishment of chaotic aura, the congenital gourd vine has a tendency to become more advanced.

It is almost beyond the scope of the best innate spiritual root.

Originally, he also planned to leave the gourd vines to Nuwa, but after thinking about it, keeping them in Nuwa's hands is only useful when creating humans in the future, it is better to put them in the chaotic beads and cultivate them. Nuwa created a human being, at worst, I just lent it to her.

With the relationship between Lin Long and Nuwa Fuxi, Nuwa naturally has no objection to this.

It is possible for the rattan in Lin Long's hand to be refined and become a top-grade acquired spiritual treasure.

The effect on Zhao Gongming is definitely greater than the twenty-four Dinghaishen beads.

When Zhao Gongming saw the rattan, his face showed joy, and even Sanxiao who was behind him took a sneak peek twice, feeling grateful for Zhao Gongming in his heart.

Fortunately, this time I met this sensible senior in front of me.

However, the joy was over, but Zhao Gongming did not go to pick up the cane, but brought San Xiao to kneel in front of Lin Long again.

"Well, what are you guys?"

"Don't be afraid, I said I have no malicious intentions, since I took your spirit treasure, I should give you compensation."

"As for enlightenment, you all treat it as fate, and send you a fortune."

Lin Long felt that Zhao Gongming and San Xiao were uneasy and afraid of themselves.

However, Zhao Gongming shook his head, kowtowed to Lin Long again, and explained: "Senior, my brother and sister didn't mean that. Senior enlightened you, and you are like a biological father in my brother and sister's heart."

"We don't want Lingbao, I just ask you to give us a name. If you can, my brother and sister are willing to worship under the senior's sect."

Sanxiao behind him also followed Zhao Gongming to kneel and bow: "Yes, senior, please accept me as a disciple."

Well, now Lin Long understood what these guys meant.

Creatures born late like Zhao Gongming and San Xiao are not easy to gain a foothold in today's prehistoric world.

The cultivation base of a few people is not even a golden immortal.

In the current prehistoric age, to say that they are ants is a bit flattering.

If you can find a backer like Lin Long, it will definitely be a great blessing, it will be more effective than many spirit treasures.

Lin Long narrowed his eyes slightly.

As far as Lin Long's impression of these people in front of him was, it wasn't bad.

Moreover, it can be seen from various later generations that these people are mostly loyal people, not the kind of treacherous and evil people.

Although he was a bit defensive, it fit Lin Long's character very well.

It is not impossible to accept as a disciple.

After thinking for a while, Lin Long looked at the few people and said slowly, "Forget it, since I met you today, it's fate, so I'll take you under my door."

"From now on, I will be called Zhao Gongming, Yunxiao, Qiongxiao, and Bixiao."

The name given by Tongtian is very suitable, and Lin Long simply applies it directly.

As for whether these disciples will cause any trouble in the future, Lin Long is not afraid now.

Anyway, I've already had a photo shoot with Hongjun, so I don't have to worry about having too many lice and debts!

"Thank you, Master."

The four are also happy.

From today onwards, in this prehistoric age, my brothers and sisters also have support.

"Okay, let's get up, I have never accepted any disciples as a teacher before, and you are the earliest disciples of my teacher."

"In the future, when we grow up in the sect, we will have to shoulder the responsibilities of senior brothers and sisters."

"Yes! Master, don't worry, I will not disappoint Master!"

Lin Long casually threw the rattan to Zhao Gongming.

"Since it is said to be given to you, I will give it to you. After returning, it will be easy to refine. This thing will be your weapon."

"I don't have a spirit treasure that matches your own in the master's hands. I will make up for you in the future after this apprenticeship ceremony."

"Thank you, Master!"

The four immediately became happy, but Lin Long secretly shook his head.

"Originally, we only need to pay for one Lingbao, but now it's good, we will pay for five pieces at once."

But it's just thinking about it. With Lin Long's current wealth, he really doesn't feel bad about losing these things.

Collected over the years, plus the spiritual treasures of Sanxian Island, Dragon Clan, Phoenix Clan, Qilin Clan, Kunpeng and Mosquito Taoist.

Even old guys like Luo Hu and Hong Jun may not be as rich as themselves.

Looking at Zhao Gongming's brothers and sisters, Lin Long stretched out his hand again.

In an instant, the Grand Dao Fortune Jue and Dao Body Forging Art integrated by Lin Long appeared in the minds of Zhao Gongming and San Xiao.

The original Dao Fortune Jue and Dao Body Forging Art both need the assistance of Dao Qi Luck.

Although the power of Lin Long's improved technique has been weakened, it has less restrictions. Zhao Gongming and Sanxiao can also practice it.

What's more, even the weakened exercises are many times stronger than the current exercises in the prehistoric world.

After all, the predecessor of this thing is a skill that can directly reach the Dao of Saints.

Zhao Gongming and Sanxiao saw the exercises clearly and were ecstatic in their hearts.

It really is the most correct decision to worship this person in front of me as a teacher.

"Disciple, thank you, Master!"


		