

Tai Yi said hesitantly: "Brother, the few people who came to Sun Planet earlier seem to have... gone to Lunar Planet."

Di Jun's face was a little ugly, but he didn't speak.

"Such a strong dao rhyme is very likely produced by the creature who claims to be Lin Long. From this point of view, we missed it..."

Tai Yi didn't notice Di Jun's expression, so he opened his mouth.

Di Jun couldn't figure it out at the moment, how did those two people on Taiyin Star bring such a powerful person to their ashram?

Aren't they afraid that that person has evil intentions?

"Could it be that the creature calling itself Lin Long really has no malicious intentions?"

Of course Tai Yi didn't know what was going on in Di Jun's mind, so he said to himself, "Brother, should we go over and have a look?"

Such a strong dao rhyme is really too tempting. If you can study it in detail, you can definitely improve your cultivation a lot!

Even helping the two brothers to break through to Daluo Jinxian consummation is of great help!

After all, Lin Long is a strong man at the Hunyuan Golden Immortal level, not to mention he is a double-cultivator of both physical and mental skills, and he has the comprehension of several Dao-level laws. For the characters, it is definitely an opportunity that can be encountered but not sought after!

For a while, Di Jun was also caught in a tangle.

He naturally considered Tai Yi's proposal.

But before they came to visit, I turned them away.

Now that he finds out that someone is good for him, he is going to get close to him with a stern face. This is really demeaning!

"Forget it, if you can improve your cultivation, face is nothing! Taiyi, let's go there!"


On the lunar star, Dao Yun is stirring.

Xihe and Changxi only felt as if they were in an ocean of laws.

The Dao of Law, which is usually obscure and difficult to understand, is as easy and simple as bowing your head to drink water at this moment.

Naturally, they also understood that what Lin Long said was talking about Dao, but in fact he was reciprocating.

At this time, they were very thankful that they had invited Lin Long into the Lunar Star.

The reason why Lin Long preached for them was naturally because he didn't want to owe them favors.

Meeting is fate, and the two sisters also took out bay laurel cream and sweet-scented osmanthus wine to treat themselves, and several of their disciples even got enlightenment because of these two things.

With his identity as Lin, how can he owe this kind of favor?

Naturally impossible!

"Um?"

However, at this moment, Lin Long was speaking when he suddenly frowned slightly.

"Di Jun and Tai Yi are here too? It's a pity, you have already missed the fate, and you can't even be contaminated by the rhyme of the Tao this time!"

The corner of his mouth curled up, Lin Long flicked his finger lightly, and in an instant, the prohibition of Lunar Star was activated again!

But Di Jun and Tai Yi, who were standing outside the Lunar Star and wanted to get closer with the cheek, felt a powerful force spreading from the Lunar Star.

boom!

As they approached, the two of them were instantly pushed back thousands of miles away by this force, and even, at the moment of that force's contact, the two had no chance to resist!

“Big brother be careful!”

Before he could stand still, Taiyi thought it was Lin Long who wanted to make a move, so he hurriedly summoned Chaos Bell.

hum...

As soon as the Chaos Clock came out, it was stimulated by Tai Yi to activate its mana, and it trembled suddenly!

The power of space contained in it is indestructible, and countless stars are instantly reduced to powder under this power.

This is Tai Yi's hole card, and also Tai Yi's biggest reliance!

The innate treasure Chaos Clock that contains the power of space, even the Four Swords of Zhu Xian, is slightly inferior without using the formation map!

With this magic weapon, even if his cultivation surpasses Taiyi's line, he is still no match for Taiyi!

"Hmph, I want to see what skills you have!"

As soon as the Chaos Clock was sacrificed, Tai Yi also discovered that the force just didn't allow himself and Di Jun to get close, and it wasn't Lin Long's intentional attack.

But His Majesty the East Emperor of the monster clan in the future has his own arrogance!

hum...

The chaotic clock kept urging, and the power of the majestic space formed a transparent circular ripple.

Boom! The bell rang melodiously, and the power of space surged open!

If this blow hits the Lunar Star head-on, the barriers surrounding the Lunar Star will instantly shatter!

For this point, Taiyi is very confident!

However, the next moment, a flat voice entered the ears of Di Jun and Tai Yi.

"I'll wait until the fate is gone, don't force it, or you will suffer from it!"

As the voice fell, a space force as thin as a cow's hair slowly emerged from the Lunar Star.

Compared with the infinite power of space inspired by the Chaos Clock in Tai Yi's hand, this power of space seems to be silent.

However, under such a strong contrast, the two collided together!

boom--

The vast space power of the Chaos Clock is like a shattered mirror, instantly crushed!

As the attack was easily broken, the original dazzling light of the Chaos Clock also became dim in an instant.

"puff--"

Tai Yi also suffered backlash because of the damage to the accompanying treasure, and a mouthful of blood spewed out wildly!

“Taichi!”

Di Jun didn't understand the inside story, so he immediately supported Tai Yi, and gritted his teeth: "It's too much to bully!"

"Brother, don't do it!"

Tai Yiyan quickly grabbed Dijun, forced to suppress the injury, and said in a hurry: "That man didn't want my life, this was just a warning, let's leave quickly, don't annoy him, or you and I will leave No!"

It was he who fought against Lin Long, and he could better understand how dangerous Lin Long's space power was.

But at this moment in Taiyin Star, Lin Long ignored the two ants Di Jun and Tai Yi, and flicked a drop of sweet-scented osmanthus wine on his fingertips.

Hum——

Centered on Lin Long, the hermit formation filled with Xuanyuan water vapor succeeded instantly, enveloping the entire Lunar Star in the blink of an eye.

Then, under the horrified gazes of the Dijun brothers, the entire Taiyin star just disappeared before their eyes.

All this happened so quickly, as soon as the two brothers raised the idea of ​​running away, the entire lunar planet disappeared.

"Gudu..."

Di Jun's face was pale, and he subconsciously swallowed, suppressing the horror in his heart, secretly glad that he didn't rush in impulsively just now.

If he rushed in, he might not even know how he died!

"Taiyi, you fought against him just now, what's going on, what kind of method is he doing?"

Everything that happened in front of him was beyond Di Jun's cognition.

After all, the two guys have been cultivating in the Taiyin Star since they were born with wisdom. It is not an exaggeration to say that they are frogs at the bottom of the well. Lin Long's methods are too powerful and unimaginable, which directly makes Di Jun think that he is powerful. .

And Tai Yi showed remorse on his face, forced his body up, and said with a wry smile: "Brother, let's talk about it when we go back... You and I, I'm afraid we missed the greatest opportunity in this life!"

Watching the two brothers transform into their original forms, and the two three-legged Golden Crows quickly leaving the range of the Taiyin Star, Lin Long sat upright inside the Taiyin Star, with a smile on his lips.

"Go back and go back. After all, you can't force it after all."

Before that, he wanted to take his apprentices for a walk in the sun star. If Di Jun and Tai Yi lifted the restriction, then Lin Long naturally wouldn't mind giving them a chance and forming a good cause.

But unfortunately, the two brothers chose to play dead.

Although Lin Long's mood is stable and he is not angry, there is a saying that is good, the Dharma should not be passed on lightly, there will be a cause and effect in teaching the Dharma, if he intends to teach it, this is a good cause, but if the two brothers forcefully rub against each other, it will be an evil cause. Because of it.

Lin Long has the favor of the Dao, which is equivalent to the luck of the Dao. This kind of light, Lin Long wants them to have it, so they can get it, and if he doesn't want them to get it, then there is no way!

In a word, you can only want it if I give it to you, but if I don’t give it to you, if you want to snatch it or get rich, it’s impossible!

The preaching continued.

Although there was some commotion outside the Taiyin Star due to the arrival of the two of Di Jun just now, within the Taiyin Star, there is Lin Long guarding it, whether it is Xihe and Changxi, or Sanxiao and Zhao Gongming, there is nothing about it. Without the slightest notice, they are still constantly comprehending Taoism.


In Sun Star, Dijun and Taiyi brothers fled back to Fusang Muxia in embarrassment.

After fleeing all the way, Tai Yi's breath became more disordered. Di Jun raised his hand and sent a real fire of the sun into Tai Yi's body, helping Tai Yi to stabilize his breath, and then he couldn't wait to ask: "Tai Yi, what's going on? You and him just now Fighting against each other, what is the opponent? Even the Chaos Clock is not his opponent!"

Di Jun asked all his doubts at once.

After Tai Yi adjusted his breath, he slowly raised his head to look at Di Jun, with a helpless wry smile on his face: "Brother, we really missed a huge opportunity this time!"


		