

As for Hongjun, an old guy, he had to be on guard no matter what time it came.

Besides, with Lin Long's safety first principle, how could it be possible to let Hong Jun say whatever he wanted without reservation?

Previously, Hongjun had tried to integrate the Dao of Heaven, and he even managed to devour the Dao of Heaven.

It is commonly known as leaving a way out for yourself.

Lin Long wasn't sure whether Hongjun would leave him a way out. After all, although the old boy said he wanted to cooperate with him, if he didn't take the opportunity to find out the details of the sixth son, who knew whether the sixth son would When will you stab yourself in the back?

Seeing Lin Long directly asking about the origin of the Dao of Heaven, Hongjun also knew that this matter could not be evaded anyway, then he pondered for a moment, and said: "Yes, I do have some origins of the Dao of Heaven hidden in my hands, but these origins of the Dao of Heaven are not enough. Support me to restore the full strength of the Chaos Demon God!"

As he spoke, Hongjun showed his sincerity, and took out a ball of light emitting colorful light with his backhand.

Looking at the ball of light, Lin Long felt the same aura as the incarnation of Tiandao from above.

And Hong Luan on the side looked straight at him. If Lin Long hadn't been there, maybe she would have taken it directly!

"It's the origin of the way of heaven."

Hongluan licked the corner of her mouth, her eyes were fixed, as long as this thing is a Chaos Demon God, she will be very greedy.

At this moment, Lin Long is also looking at the origin of the Dao of Heaven.

Of course, he didn't want to snatch, but wanted to compare.

Can the world tree really produce the source of heaven!

If it is really possible, then I have a huge hole card in my hand!

At least at the last moment of the crisis, I will have a way out!

Practitioners will never go all their way to death!

"Lin Long, Luo Hu and I sincerely want to cooperate with you this time."

Seeing that both Lin Long and Hongluan had seen the origin of the Dao of Heaven, Hong Jun put it away and said seriously: "The battle between you and me should come to an end. Right now I don't expect to merge with the Dao of Heaven, nor do I I hope that the control of swallowing the heavens and the prehistoric world can be handed over to you, but if the day when danger really comes, I hope you can join hands with me to fight against the enemy!"

Lin Long pondered for a moment, then nodded.

It's not a problem at all.

Even if Hongjun didn't say anything, he would definitely make a move. After all, if that day really came, if Honghuang was gone, he would have nowhere to go.

Even though he has the ability and means to transcend this side of the world, he still has some people he cares about in the prehistoric world, so no matter what, he cannot let the prehistoric world be destroyed.

"Now let's talk about the problems of the prehistoric world in the future, how to make the prehistoric world more perfect."

Lin Long said.

The prehistoric way of heaven is perfect, and the rules of heaven and earth are complete, so there will be more merit and luck.

And for those powerful beings who control the lives of all, their cultivation will improve faster.

Although we still don't know what the dangers from outside the chaos are, there is one truth that will never change, that is, only with sufficient strength can we face all dangers!

Since Lin Long possesses the means to transcend the world, he doesn't know whether this danger has anything to do with him, but what is certain is that he failed to use the deduction of the future and the great luck.

Therefore, what he can do is to improve his strength as much as possible.

"Nowadays in the prehistoric world, the human race is the protagonist of the world. This is a preordained thing. What we have to do is to let the human race develop and grow as much as possible. In this way, the prehistoric world will also accelerate to perfection."

After all, Hongjun almost merged with the Dao of Heaven before, so he has more say in this matter: "The position of the teacher of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors of the human race must be occupied by a living being. This position can gain a lot of merit. Lin Long, do you have someone to choose?"

At this point in the matter, Hongjun has tried his best to befriend Lin Long. After all, if he wants to cooperate, he must be sincere.

The position of the saint master of the human race is the first step to release goodwill.

Of course, the most important thing is that the current Lin Long has the strength to make Hongjun speak politely, otherwise, with Hongjun and Luo Hu's personalities, it doesn't matter if you are in a flood.

Lin Long pondered for a moment, then said: "Yuanshi Tianzun has learned a lesson this time, the position of saint teacher must be held by a creature with both ability and political integrity!"

"Cutting off teaching, elucidating teaching, and human teaching all need stable luck now, and their three teachings should also be part of the operation of the Dao of Heaven."

Speaking of this, Lin Long thought for a while, and continued: "Well, I have sent someone to occupy the position of the saint teacher of the emperor Fuxi, and the position of the teacher of the emperor of the earth and the emperor of the emperor will be given by Jiejiao and Ren. Teach yourself to distribute it."

"As for the Five Emperors, Xuanyuan is the reincarnation of Xuangui, my registered disciple. I will make my own arrangements then, and you can arrange the rest yourself."

Now that Hongjun has shown his sincerity, Lin Long will naturally not be stingy. Besides, even if he occupies all the positions of Saint Master of the Three Emperors and Five Emperors, the effect will not be too great. Therefore, Lin Long only asked for two saints among the Three Emperors and Five Emperors. position of teacher.

Of course, the positions of these two saints are the two with the most meritorious virtues!

Hongjun nodded and had no objection to this.

He also knew that Emperor Fuxi and Xuanyuan, one of the five emperors, played a major role in promoting, so the merits of the saint master were the most abundant, but Lin Long gave up the other six positions, so he couldn't say anything.

Human Emperor Fuxi, after all, is Nuwa's elder brother, and Nuwa is so close to Lin Long that he wants to warm him up, so this position is taken for granted.

And Xuanyuan, one of the five emperors, is Lin Long's disciple. Anyone who dares to be Xuanyuan's saint teacher will be impatient!

"Okay, then do as you say!"

Hongjun nodded, and said: "I will call all the saints over again, and explain this matter clearly. I hope you can come over and let them know the attitude between you and me, so as not to cause any trouble at that time." Unnecessary misunderstanding."

The unnecessary misunderstanding he said was naturally because most creatures in the prehistoric world knew that Lin Long and Hongjun were not dealing with each other.

These two top powers stand on opposite sides, so the creatures below will naturally have a selective team.

But now that the top bosses have cooperated, no matter whether the creatures below are willing or not, they have to make a change.

Regarding this, Lin Long was noncommittal, nodded, and did not refuse.

Soon, the matter was discussed.

Hongjun's sincerity is still very high. It may be that after meeting the Blood Demon God, he also realized that the danger was really coming.

Under the truly unsolvable crisis, it is so happy to do things.

Having fought against Lin Long for many years, Hongjun finally understood that as long as Lin Long was around, he would never succeed in devouring or merging the Dao of Heaven.

That being the case, it is better to change the method quickly.

If you can't beat it, then join!


After leaving Zixiao Palace, Lin Long and Hong Luan followed each other.

That Hongluan seemed to have something to say, walked a few steps, came to Lin Long's side, and said, "You really trust Hongjun just like that?"

"When that guy was still the Chaos Demon God, he always liked to calculate. He is not a simple guy!"

Hearing Hongluan's reminder, Lin Long turned his head and asked, "Which aspect are you referring to?"

"Of course it is a matter of the origin of heaven!"

Hongluan said directly: "He just took out such a little bit of the origin of the way of heaven, so you don't question him any more. What if he has more?"

As soon as the words fell, Lin Long suddenly stopped, and with his backhand, a ball of light that was identical to that shown by Hongjun before appeared in Lin Long's hand instantly.

"This!"

Hongluan's eyes widened suddenly: "This is the source of the way of heaven! How could you have the source of the way of heaven!"

She hadn't heard Hongjun mention it just now, and the person in front of her had also merged with the Dao of Heaven. So, where did his Dao of Heaven come from?

Lin Long smiled slightly, then stretched out his hand, and took out another ball of the origin of the Dao of Heaven that was countless times bigger than the one just now!

"How is it possible! How do you have so many origins of the Dao of Heaven? Could it be that you secretly swallowed the Dao of Heaven?"

Hongluan lost her voice, and then realized something was wrong: "No! When I came to the prehistoric world, I saw Fang Tiandao. He still exists, so you can't swallow it!"

At this time, she completely understood that she had always underestimated the master.

"There will be as much of this kind of thing in the future. If you are obedient, I can even give you a part directly, so that you can guarantee that even if Chaos destroys you, you will have a chance to be reborn."

Lin Long put away the huge ball of the origin of the Dao of Heaven, and spoke lightly.

The origin of the Dao of Heaven in his hand is naturally extracted from the World Tree.

As he had guessed before, the World Tree was indeed able to produce the origin of the Dao of Heaven, but for some reason, the World Tree in this chaos disappeared.

This has created a situation where the Chaos Demon Gods in the chaos all want to seize the origin of the heaven and the earth!

However, for Lin Long now, although this thing is not too much, it will definitely not be lacking!

Although he signed the Dao contract with Hong Luan in front of him, Lin Long also understands that, just as Hong Luan said, his current follower is the Chaos Demon God. One day danger will come and the Dao will be destroyed. , then the contract with Hongluan no longer exists.

And if you can't be reborn, then you will die directly, so this contract doesn't matter.

After all, Hongluan is the Chaos Demon God, so the binding force of this Dao contract is naturally not as strong as Kunpeng.

Therefore, for this woman, Lin Long decided to take some gentle measures.

To lure them with profit is naturally the most direct way!

"Okay! Master, where are we going now?"

As soon as she heard that being obedient could benefit her, Hong Luan was obviously more obedient, and even took the initiative to address her master.

Lin Long glanced at Hongluan, but didn't say much about the address: "Go to the Dragon God Realm first, and arrange a place for you. Your current strength is too weak. Improve your strength!"

"I'm weak?"

Hong Luan pointed at her nose in disbelief, the majestic demon god of blood, standing at the top of all living beings, was called weak by the guy in front of him!

But immediately, she thought of Lin Long's strength again, and immediately shut her mouth obediently.


		