

"This seems to be the land of the West!"

Lin Long looked in front of him and frowned slightly.

Returning from the ancient starry sky, I didn't expect to come to the west.

And Bi Xiao poked his head, glanced forward, and said, "Master, did we go the wrong way? How did we come to the West?"

Rao Lin Long felt that his skin was thick enough, and he couldn't help but blush when he heard Bi Xiao's words.

What the hell is this? Although I haven't traveled to many places in the prehistoric world, I won't get lost.

Such a low-level mistake is a bit embarrassing!

But speaking of it, Lin Long can't be blamed.

The space of the Primordial Starry Sky is not the same as that of Honghuang, but when Lin Long was on his way with a few disciples, he crossed the space directly for convenience, but he didn't notice that he came to the western land.

Fortunately, it is not a big problem.

The decisive battle between Lao Liu Hongjun and Lao Liu Luohu is in the west, so it's not a problem if we come to survey the battlefield first.

Yes, it is like that.

I am not lost!

Today's West has not been ravaged by those two old sixths, and its spiritual veins have not been broken, so it looks quite lush.

At a glance, there are still many spiritual grasses and spiritual fruits, the spiritual energy is soaring to the sky, and the glow is surging.

There are not many living beings in the west, so the west can be regarded as a blessed land.

However, no one would have imagined that this blessed land would be in ruins before long!

"Anyway, this place is going to be destroyed, and it's a waste to keep the spirit root and fairy grass here..."

Instead of being blown up and wasted, it is better to search for it.

Although my net worth is already rich enough, I have all the property left by the three clans, and Sanxian Island is constantly breeding, but who would think too much of this kind of thing?

What's more, I am not as good as before. I have an apprentice behind me, and I have to teach him how to practice. If I don't save more money, how can I recruit an apprentice?

For example, in the future, the western duo will be accepted as a guide. When these two guys accept disciples, they can't even show a decent meeting gift.

Lin Long asked himself, can't afford to lose this person!

Besides, in terms of seniority, he and Hongjun are both of the same generation. Could it be that he is not as generous as some juniors?

"Disciples, let's not go back to the master's dojo for the time being. This west has never been here before. Now that we are here, it's just a good time to visit!"

Originally, when he left Lunar Star, Lin Long returned to Beihai with a few disciples.

Now that Lin Long said that he wanted to travel to the west, although San Xiao and Zhao Gongming didn't understand why Lin Long changed his mind, they still nodded: "I would like to follow Master's instructions."

And in the next moment, they understood why Lin Long had to change his mind.

His master seems to be very familiar with the whole of the West, knowing where there are magic weapons and spiritual roots, he often goes straight to the destination.

Along the way, countless spiritual root treasures have been looted!

Those spiritual roots and spiritual grasses were directly stuffed into the chaotic beads by Lin Long to cultivate them. Although these spiritual roots and spiritual grasses are not of high grade, they will be raised again when they are nourished by the energy of chaos in the chaotic beads.

Low grade, can be promoted to middle grade.

Medium grade, can be upgraded to top grade!

Top grade, even has the potential to be upgraded to top grade!

These seemingly ordinary spiritual roots and spiritual grasses will be a lot of wealth in the future.

"Master, have you been here before? Why do you seem to know where there are treasures and where there are spiritual roots?"

Bi Xiao shook her head, holding Lin Long's arm coquettishly, and asked.

As the elder sister, Yun Xiao immediately scolded: "Little sister, don't be rude to Master!"

"No problem."

Feeling the warmth on his arm, Lin Long stretched out his other hand to touch Bi Xiao's small head, and said, "This is the supernatural power of my master. When you arrive at Daluo Jinxian, I will pass on this supernatural power to you as a master." you!"

"Ah? I still have to be a big Luo Jinxian..."

Bi Xiao was obviously a little disappointed, but Yun Xiao was the eldest sister after all, so he knocked on Bi Xiao immediately: "You little girl, why don't you hurry up and thank Master, the reason why Master didn't teach us until Da Luo Jinxian must have Master's intention. "

Qiong Xiao and Zhao Gongming next to him have already started to thank Lin Long.

But Lin Long nodded, and said: "The reason why I have to wait for you to reach the Daluo Jinxian is because with your current cultivation base, if you want to practice this kind of supernatural power, it will actually get twice the result with half the effort. Wait until you gather the three flowers and your cultivation base reaches Daluo Jinxian will be able to better comprehend the law and practice supernatural powers."

After all, these disciples are different from himself, a time traveler with cheats.

I have the favor of the Dao and the full level of comprehension, so even when my cultivation is not high, I can comprehend the laws of supernatural powers.

But other creatures can't do it.

After Lin Long finished explaining, several disciples nodded.

In their hearts, Lin Long's rebirth will definitely not be hidden.

And those spiritual roots and grasses can help them practice better. In this way, Lin Long doesn't even need to do the work of searching for spiritual roots and grasses. It is often Lin Long who points the direction, and a few people are like locusts. When crossing the border, not a single blade of grass grows.

You must know that the current prehistoric world is full of opportunities and treasures, and the spiritual roots and spiritual grasses that can be seen everywhere today will basically be rare treasures in later generations.

Just when the few people were very busy, two auras appeared not far away.

The speed of the two is not fast, and Lin Long, as the Primordial Golden Immortal, has already felt the realm of these two creatures hundreds of thousands of miles away in just an instant.

A middle-stage Da Luo Jinxian, a middle-stage Da Luo Jinxian peak, only one step away is enough to enter the late stage of Da Luo Jinxian.

This kind of realm may not be considered anything in the east, but in the west where there are few creatures, it is already considered top-notch.

At this moment, those two figures are rushing towards this direction.

[You used your supernatural powers to know the future. After a stick of incense, two figures came to you, and they were the guides and guides]

[You used your supernatural powers to know the future, and killed Jieying Zhunti, but found that cause and effect were entangled and could not be cut off]

[You used your supernatural powers to know the future, and you fought back to pick up and guide Zhunti...]

[You used your supernatural powers to know the future, and you fought back to pick up and guide Zhunti...]

With the deduction of the future, Lin Long's mouth also raised a smile.

He used his supernatural powers more than once or twice. It was because these two guys had a great relationship to the prehistoric world. Currently, Lin Long didn't want to get into such a big trouble for the time being.

Unexpectedly, at this time, they met the shameless duo from the West.


"Senior brother, hurry up. I just saw that there are a few creatures with strange faces. They should be from the East. They must have a lot of good things with them."

"Junior Brother, don't rush, isn't Brother Wei trying his best to rush over there? Don't worry, since you are watching, these guys can't run away."

"Hmph, let them know that this prehistoric world is not so easy to travel!"

"It's strange to say, why are these eastern creatures richer than us?"

The two figures, one fat and one thin, murmured as they rushed towards Lin Long and the others.

And according to what they said, it seems that this kind of killing and seizing treasures has been done a lot.

Many creatures from the East came to the West to travel, and they have been wiped out a lot by the two.

The present West is not barren, but it has to be compared with other places.

Compared with the East, the West, which is not considered barren, is much worse.

The reason is naturally very simple. The Kunlun Mountains, the ancestral line of the prehistoric people, and the Buzhou Mountains transformed by Pangu's spine, the two holy places are in the east.

In addition, auspicious beasts such as dragon, phoenix, and unicorn also have a catalytic effect on the spiritual roots of heaven and earth.

Over time, the gap between the East and the West widened.

The distance of hundreds of thousands of miles is not a problem for monks in the Da Luo Jinxian realm.

After a stick of incense, the two arrived in front of Lin Long and his party.

The first to catch their eyes was San Xiao and Zhao Gongming who were searching for the spirit root and fairy grass.

After seeing these people, Zhunti and Jieying looked at each other, and they both saw joy in each other's eyes.

The reason is very simple, these creatures only have the Golden Immortal Realm, so even if the creatures with them have a slightly higher level of cultivation, they will not be much higher.

Such a rookie dares to travel, isn't it a gift for nothing?

"Brother, have you noticed that the person behind these people is extraordinary, but he can't see the realm clearly, and nine out of ten are treasures with concealed cultivation."

"Yes, if you can mix with a few golden immortals, how high can your cultivation be?"

Both of them had malicious smiles on their faces, and they cupped their hands at Lin Long like a dog.

"Acceptance."

"Quite mention."

"Meet a few friends."

Seeing the flash of greed in the eyes of these two guys, Lin Long raised his eyebrows and smiled.

For the western duo, Lin Long had heard of it before crossing.

When it comes to the Shameless Rankings, these two have occupied the first and second ranks in countless calamities. In a word, this thing has a predestined relationship with me in the west, and I don't know how many lives have been entrapped.

And now that these two guys came here, they just regarded their group as soft persimmons and wanted to make some money.

"Master..."

Seeing the two guys with malicious intentions, Bi Xiao shrank behind Lin Long with some fear, poked his head out and pulled Lin Long's sleeve.

"nothing."

Lin Long touched Bixiao's little head comfortingly, then turned his head to look at Jieyin and Zhunti: "You two, we are not familiar with each other, and suddenly blocked the way, what advice can I give?"

"Ha ha."

Jieyin and Zhunti looked at each other with a smile, and said with a big grin: "It's not a big deal to talk about teaching, but it's just that the treasure on this fellow Taoist has a good relationship with my brother, so please hand it over."

"robbery?"

Two words suddenly appeared in the heads of Zhao Gongming and San Xiao, what the hell is going to kill them!

Dare to snatch things from Master, I am afraid that no number of lives will be enough!


		