

Seeing Yuanshi Tianzun leave, Laozi and Tongtian looked at each other.

"Brother, this...Second brother is going to the East China Sea again?"


Needless to say? Think about it with your knees and know what's going on!

"It seems that the second brother really suffered a big loss in Donghai. You didn't notice that the second brother was injured."

Lao Tzu spoke, but Tong Tian was taken aback when he heard the words: "What? The second brother was injured?"

He is impatient, and if Lao Tzu hadn't spoken, he really didn't notice that Yuan Shi was injured.

"Um."

Lao Tzu nodded and said: "He has retreated for so long, but his realm has not improved at all. You don't need to think about it. You must be recovering from your injuries. I saw him just now. It seems that his injuries are not clear."

I was concerned about Yuanshi's face just now, but Lao Tzu didn't say it out loud. Now, he naturally wants to make it clear about Tongtian.

"Brother, let's go to the East China Sea too, so that the second brother won't suffer again."

During this period, the relationship between the Three Qings was still advancing and retreating at the same time. Laozi, who was worried that Yuanshi would suffer, nodded, and then left Kunlun Mountain with Tongtian.


East China Sea, where Sanxian Island was originally located.

"Damn it, where did the three fairy islands go? Could it be that they were moved away?"

"How could there be no clues left?"

With Yuanshi's speed of driving the clouds, he naturally came here in a short time. However, he has searched a large circle around the original site of Sanxian Island, but found nothing.

Unable to find the original Sanxian Island, Yuan Shi was naturally yelled angrily: "Demon Whale King, get out!"

"Dare to slander my Sanqing, I was only injured before, and today I must let you know how powerful I am!"

The voice was mixed with anger, and the majestic momentum set off waves of turmoil on the entire sea.

And on the bottom of the sea, within a water palace.

The Demon Whale King, who was drinking before sitting at the desk, naturally heard the voice from the sea, and immediately threw his wine cup angrily: "Hmph, Yuanshi! Well, finally dare to show up!"

"The last time I ran away without a fight, this time I will make you hand over the treasure you got in the East China Sea!"

The Demon Whale King, who is an aquarium, is very stubborn. He stubbornly believes that what is in his own territory belongs to him!

Besides, that 'Yuan Shi' was so rude before!

Whether it's for the treasure or for the sake of face, you must do it!

"Yuanshi, I'm coming!"

The next moment, the Demon Whale King came out of the water angrily with a weapon in his hand, and at a glance he saw Yuanshi Tianzun who was floating in mid-air and raging furiously.

"You are the East Sea Demon Whale King? I am the Sanqing Yuanshi Tianzun, how dare you spread rumors about my Sanqing, and today I will kill you to wash away my prestige!"

However, after seeing Yuan Shi, the Demon Whale King, who was holding a trident and also looked angry, was stunned for a moment: "Are you Yuan Shi?"

Why is this different from what I remember?

"Could it be that Yuan Shi changed his appearance during these thousand years?"

Thinking of this, for the sake of caution, the Demon Whale King felt the karmic traction. The karmic aura back then was originally the appearance of another person, but it slowly overlapped towards the middle-aged man standing in mid-air in front of him. go.

"Hmph, it really is you! You even changed your appearance, you really are a moron!"

The Demon Whale King confirmed that the person in front of him was that 'Yuan Shi' back then, and angrily waved his trident: "I have done evil things in my territory, and now I finally dare to show my face? Today, the king will let you know that the king's territory is not This is not a place for you to act recklessly!"

Yuan Shi was naturally confused by the words of the Demon Whale King.

"Is this aquarium brain problem? Wasn't I the one who was injured on Sanxian Island before? Why does it feel like he has suffered a big loss?"

Because Lin Long had changed the grafting of cause and effect, and because the Demon Whale King had never given him a chance to refute, Yuanshi had already done it.

Little did they know that the Demon Whale King was also worried that Yuan Shi would flee without a fight, as he did thousands of years ago.

Therefore, Yuanshi was not given a chance to figure out the matter at all, and even if he mobilized the surrounding sea water, he would kill him!

The turbulent waves are like a curtain covering the sky, completely blocking the surrounding area!

He has learned to be smart. He was run away by this guy before. This time, he will directly block this place and see where you escape!

And the involuntary action of the Demon Whale King directly angered Yuan Shi!

"It really is a wet-born egg, a person with fur and horns, unbearable to teach! Killing you, you are not wronged!"

Yuan Shi sacrificed Yu Ruyi angrily, and when he raised his hand, majestic mana surged out, directly suppressing the rolling sea water back!

"Hmph, pretending, even the mantra is the same, it's showing flaws!"

Above the sea, the situation is changing.

The Demon Whale King is a heterogeneous species of the Aquarium Race, with a strong physique and extremely strong mana, no less than Yuanshi Tianzun.

The fight between the two was so dark that it was inseparable!

But the Yuanshi Tianzun was after all a legacy of Pan Gu, who possessed a huge amount of merit to open the sky. As time went by, the Demon Whale King gradually fell into a disadvantage.

Sanbaoyu Ruyi exuded vigorous aura, like a long whip, slamming on the face of the Demon Whale King.

Blood spilled onto the sea surface, and the sea surface was immediately dyed red!

"Yuanshi! You shameless villain! I am no match for you, but I will definitely report this matter to the Dragon Clan. If you dare to rob things in my East China Sea and come here to commit murder, this matter is not over!"

The Demon Whale King was accidentally caught by Yu Ruyi, knowing that he was no match for Yuanshi Tianzun, so he plunged headlong into the sea.

He was originally from the aquarium, and in the sea, he was like an arrow flying from the string, Yuan Shi couldn't catch up to him at all.

"Damn it!"

However, at this moment, a crutch suddenly appeared, across the sea!

"Yuanshi! You despicable villain! How dare you ask for help!"

Although the crutch was not showing its power, the Demon Whale King in the sea seemed to be restrained, and bursts of roars came out immediately.

Lao Tzu, who was hiding in the dark, finally couldn't help but make a move.

There is no way, if this matter is only about the Demon Whale King himself, everything is easy to talk about, but if it involves the Dragon Clan, then it will be troublesome.

Now that the Longhan's calamity has not yet passed, and the dragon clan is powerful, even if the Sanqing teamed up, they would not dare to confront the dragon clan head-on.

Therefore, before the matter is clarified, the news must not be passed on to the Dragon Clan.

Unfortunately, I miscalculated...

"Okay, okay, wait for Sanqing to be so reckless, not to mention snatching the Lingbao, but also to come to provoke and bring helpers. Today, this king is desperate to report this matter to the Dragon Clan!"

Obviously, the Demon Whale King was so angry that he lost his mind.

"Wait a minute...

Lao Tzu felt the restless aura between heaven and earth, and immediately spoke loudly, wanting to stop it.

However, the next moment, a huge explosion sounded, and the sea surface exploded directly, forming an endless deep pit on the entire East China Sea. The aftermath of the attack prevented thousands of miles of seawater from being filled for a long time.

At the same time, a gap was blown out of the blockade of the flat crutch.

A divine sense seized the opportunity at this moment, directly drilled out of the blockade, and fled away in an instant.

“Big brother, three brothers!”

Seeing that Lao Tzu and Tong Tian had come to his side, Yuan Shi sighed and was about to say something, but Lao Tzu shook his head slightly and sighed: "There is no need for anything. What happened before is no longer the case." The important thing is, the Dragon Clan has always been domineering, and the Demon Whale King blew himself up, and this matter has been heard by the Dragon Clan, and he is definitely going to trouble us."

Tong Tian also nodded at the side, they all saw it clearly, the matter has come to this point, it is doomed to be unbearable.

No matter what, Sanqing never imagined that the Demon Whale King would be so stubborn that he would rather blow himself up to break free, without even giving Sanqing a chance to speak.

"Second brother, my third brother and I saw clearly before that there seems to be a causal connection between you and the Demon Whale King. What's going on?"

Lao Tzu asked, Yuan Shi immediately opened his eyes wide: "What?"

"I've never seen this Demon Whale King before! This time I came here just to find out what the rumors are about. Who knows that this Demon Whale King seems to have a brain problem, and he speaks inexplicably, so he will fight me when we meet!"

As everyone knows, Yuanshi Tianzun is also full of anger.

I seem to be at odds with this Donghai, as long as I come here, nothing good will happen.

The last time I came here, Sanhua was almost cut off, and it took a thousand years of cultivation to recover.

This time it was good, and it directly offended the Dragon Clan!

However, Lao Tzu's next sentence made Yuan Shi almost vomit blood.

"Second brother, just now I and the third brother calculated that there seems to be a cause and effect between you and the Demon Whale King, but this cause and effect is a bit awkward, as if it was imposed on you."

"It seems that you moved the three fairy islands in the East China Sea?"


		