

"Hahaha, that's right, you brat from the Witch Clan, you can persist for so long under my killing intent, and protect Dihua with all your might, without showing the slightest timidity, you are indeed qualified to marry Dihua."

Hou Yi was at a loss for what Tai Yi said.

It was all about to start, but Dihua's uncle actually withdrew his killing intent again.

After all, Dihua knew his uncle, and after a little thought, he understood the reason. A smile appeared on his pretty face, and he said to Houyi, "Brother Houyi, Uncle Taiyi is testing you. .”

"Try me?"

Hou Yi, a straight man, scratched his head, while Tai Yi over there was sour in his heart. His good niece was about to be raped. As an uncle, he loved those nephews and nieces since he was a child. How could he not be sour now? ?

"Hmph, Big Brother Houyi, you are really friendly, you know how anxious your father is!"

Tai Yi reprimanded with a straight face, while Di Hua stuck out his tongue mischievously: "Father, is he alright?"

"Hmph, are you okay? Your royal father asked me to arrest you this time!"

Hearing Tai Yi's words, Di Hua hurriedly retreated behind Hou Yi: "No, I won't, Second Uncle, I won't go back, I want to stay..."

"Where do you stay?"

Taiyi knew it well, but still pressed questions step by step.

"I, I want to stay here, with Big Brother Houyi!"

Dihua summoned up his courage, poked his head out and said loudly, "I want to marry Brother Houyi!"

After saying this, Dihua's face turned red, and there was both shyness and determination in his eyes.

As for Hou Yi, after hearing this, he was already stunned in place like a thunderbolt. The happiness came so suddenly that he couldn't react for a while.

"Boy, did you hear what she said?"

Taiyi ignored Dihua this time, but looked at Houyi.

Hou Yi nodded in a daze, but couldn't say a word stupidly.

"Well, now that you've heard it, what are your plans for it?"

After Tai Yi finished speaking, Hou Yi still didn't speak, and fell silent.

But it could be seen that he was also struggling in his heart.

"Why, could it be that you don't want to marry Di Hua?"

Taiyi also frowned at this moment, Xindao's niece even spoke up, you kid, don't you want to feel sorry for her?

When Dihua on the side heard this and looked at Houyi's reaction, his heart was also half cold, tears seemed to well up in his eyes, as if the embankment would burst at any moment.

"No, no, I want to marry Dihua!"

When Hou Yi faced Tai Yi just now, he remained motionless, but when he saw that Di Hua was about to cry, he hurriedly said at a loss: "It's not that I don't want to marry Di Hua, it's just that I don't know how to... Lord Demon Emperor spoke up, because he didn't seem to have a good impression of me before."

As soon as these words came out, Di Hua also fell silent.

They are all aware of the entanglement between the two lich clans, including Tai Yi, who is also very clear.

Although he has already persuaded Di Jun, it is not that simple for Di Jun to accept his daughter and Hou Yi.

Besides, it doesn't matter if you say it yourself, you still have to get Di Jun's approval in the end.

"I have a way."

Suddenly, Dihua spoke.

Upon hearing this, Hou Yi hurriedly asked, "What is the solution? Dihua, tell me quickly, no matter how difficult it is, I will do it!"

Dihua looked at the talisman hanging around Houyi's neck, and said, "Brother Houyi, you said earlier that this talisman was given to you by your master, is your master the Dragon God?"

"Yes, my master is Lord Dragon God, and also the witch god of my witch clan!"

This matter is a secret to the outside world, but it is basically common sense to the senior leaders of the Lich Clan.

Besides, Dihua also had the same talisman on her waist, which must have been given to her by her master.

Therefore, there is no need for Hou Yi to hide.

Dihua nodded, and said: "Before, I often heard my father mention Lord Dragon God. Father respectfully worships Lord Dragon God. Before that, Lord Dragon God also personally visited Yaozu and gave me a talisman card, and I have been passed down by the monster clan for hundreds of years, if we can ask Lord Dragon God to speak about our matter..."

Dihua didn't go any further, but the meaning was already very obvious.

Donghuang Taiyi nodded after hearing this: "Di Hua is right, if Master Qingmu Longshen is your matchmaker in this matter, it will most likely be possible."

"it is good!"

After hearing this, Hou Yi didn't hesitate at all, and pulled Dihua up: "Go, I will take you back to the Wu Clan to see Master, no matter how much you ask, I will also kneel down and beg Master to help me this time!"

Seeing Houyi's decisiveness, Donghuang Taiyi showed a satisfied smile on his face.

This time, I came here specifically to test this kid.

If this kid is determined, he doesn't mind helping him and his niece. If this kid is a softie and he's frightened, he might as well take Dihua away forcibly!

After all, Tai Yi and Di Jun have a deep brotherhood, and Di Jun's children have always been treated by Tai Yi as if they were his own.

Looking at it now, the kid Houyi is worth entrusting, and the little girl Dihua has a good vision.

"Since you have already decided to go to the Witch Clan to meet Lord Dragon God, then I will not go there, and see Qingmu Dragon God to say hello to him for me."

Although the relationship between the two Lich clans has eased a lot, Tai Yi will not easily set foot on the territory of the Lich clan.

Otherwise, once it is regarded as a provocation, the fun will be great.

"Second uncle, don't worry!"

"Senior, don't worry!"

Di Hua and Hou Yi nodded again and again.

Tai Yi waved his hand, and said: "Okay, I'm going back to the demon world too, I'll go back as soon as possible after finishing the matter, and I will tell your father the emperor."

Dihua's face was filled with joy: "Okay, thank you uncle!"

After sending Donghuang Taiyi away, Di Hua's pretty face flushed, and he didn't dare to look up at Hou Yi again.

Just now, what was in my daughter's heart fell into Brother Hou Yi's ears verbatim.

Fortunately, Hou Yi, a dumb guy, didn't take what he said just now to heart.

In other words, after this period of time, the two have already identified each other.

Today's words are no different from saying nothing.

Hou Yi, a naive guy, took the initiative once in a while, grabbed Di Hua's hand, and Hou Yi said seriously: "Di Hua, I will take you back to the Wu Clan!"


The small world of the Witch Clan.

As soon as Hou Yi came back, the avatar of Lin Long who was in the Great Hall of the Witch God opened his eyes with a playful smile on his face.

"That's right, I came back so soon, and I even brought that little girl, Di Hua, back."

"It seems that the meaning should be to ask for my help."

Just as Lin Long was thinking, Houyi's voice sounded outside the Pangu Hall.

"Disciple Hou Yi begs to see Master!"

Lin Long waved his hand casually, and the door of Pangu Hall opened.

But when he saw that Hou Yi was going to enter the palace alone, Lin Long said, "Since two people came together, why are you the only one who came to see me as a teacher?"

Hou Yi was stunned for a moment, then scratched his head and said, "Master knows already? But Dihua is not a witch after all..."

"Is this how the teacher usually teaches you?"

Lin Long stared, Hou Yi was shocked and immediately realized: "Yes, Master, this disciple knows his mistake!"

After finishing speaking, the kid hurriedly turned his head and ran out of the hall, and came back with a shy Di Hua after a while.

"Master, this is the disciple's... lover, Dihua."

Both Houyi and Dihua were not used to this address, but Lin Long looked optimistic: "Dihua, long time no see, she has grown into a big girl."

"Dihua pays respects to Lord Dragon God."

Because when he went to the Monster Clan before, Lin Long used the deity, and now the one who stays in the Wu Clan is his divine consciousness avatar, not a mosquito Taoist, so Di Hua naturally recognized Lin Long.

But in front of Lin Long, Dihua looked extremely well-behaved, probably never before in front of his father, Emperor Jun.

You know, this is a big man who even his own father is afraid of, and his life-long affairs will depend on the help of Senior Dragon God.

"Okay, since the two of you came here together, I'm afraid it's not just to see me, so tell me, what's the matter."

Although Lin Long knew it well, he still had to let the two of them speak out in person.

Otherwise, wouldn't my bad taste be exposed.

Hou Yi quickly bowed down, and said: "Master, I have something to ask. You know Dihua's identity. I want her father to agree to our marriage. If you don't come forward for this matter, Master, just let me know." I am afraid that it will be difficult for the disciple to do it, so I beg the master to help the disciple this time..."

As he said that, Hou Yi kept kowtowing to Lin Long, and Di Hua at the side followed suit, knelt on the ground quickly, and said, "Please help me, Senior Dragon God."

"You two get up."

When Lin Long stretched out his hand, the two stood up involuntarily.

"Hou Yi was taught by me personally, and I have the name of master and apprentice, and the reality of master and apprentice. Back then, I also taught Dihua's cultivation method in the demon world, so I can count as half a master and apprentice. Since you agree with each other , as a teacher, of course I can help."

After all, Lin Long pondered for a moment, and then said: "However, I won't come forward in person for this matter, Houyi, you haven't met your senior brothers and sisters, and your senior brothers and senior sisters had a meeting with the Demon Emperor back then. As a teacher, let your senior brothers and sisters go to the demon world to propose marriage for you on my behalf."

After all, this matter was to disgust Hongjun, so it was inconvenient for Lin Long to come forward directly.

Besides, the majestic Cyanwood Dragon God, for such a trivial matter, to stand out, what would it be like?

Isn't accepting apprentices doing things for oneself?

Therefore, he directly handed over the matter to Zhao Gongming and the others.

Anyway, Di Jun also knew that Zhao Gongming and San Xiao were both his disciples, so he probably wouldn't refuse.

Of course, if Di Jun dared to refuse, then Lin Long would not care about face and acted himself.


		