

Lin Long slowly opened his eyes, and a golden thunder flashed from his eyes.

The turbulent breath surrounding him just now gradually calmed down.

Seeing Lin Long wake up, Zhen Yuanzi hurriedly stepped forward and asked with concern, "Friend Lin Long, how are you doing? Your appearance just now frightened us."

Hong Yun also nodded, and said half-jokingly, "You are now the Dragon God of the Dragon Clan. If something goes wrong with Brother Zhen Yuanzi, the two of us will get into big trouble."

Lin Long felt the strength of his physical body, nodded in satisfaction, and said with a smile: "I worried the two fellow daoists. I was lucky just now, and suddenly I had some insights and made some noise. I hope the two fellow daoists Don't be offended."

In his enlightenment just now, although his realm didn't improve much, Lin Long found a way to improve his physical body.

That is to derive Yang Yuan with the help of newly comprehended supernatural powers.

Just now, in addition to absorbing the life energy of ginseng fruit, Lin Long was also running synchronously to export Yang Yuan.

My foundation is too deep, and my realm has been raised too fast, causing my physical body to be in a state of hunger and thirst all the time.

All sorts of circumstances, chances and coincidences, will make such a big commotion.

The next time you practice, it will not be the same as this time.

The three of them exchanged pleasantries, and Zhen Yuanzi asked curiously again: "Friend Lin Long, were you tempering your body just now?"

Lin Long nodded and said, "That's right, I was indeed tempering my physical body just now. As far as my foundation is concerned, it is far deeper than that of ordinary dragons. The physical body shouldn't be so weak. It is also my fault for being too eager for quick success. Patronizing to improve the cultivation base of the primordial spirit, the strength of the physical body has been dropped so much."

What he said was the truth, at least his own personal feelings and actual situation.

However, the words changed in the ears of Zhen Yuanzi and Hong Yun.

In the whole prehistoric world, most of the cultivation bases are Yuanshen's cultivation base far surpasses the physical body, not to mention the second elder brother.

Now you say something like that, Versailles!

"Hehe, Fellow Daoist Lin Long is really humble."

Hong Yun and Zhen Yuanzi looked at each other, with strange expressions on their expressions.

The gods are weak in body. In today's prehistoric world, the body of the dragon race can be said to be the most domineering. The body of the Da Luo Jinxian realm can reach the golden fairy, and this body is not weak.

What's more, the dragon clan's blood is strong, and the physical strength of the Golden Immortal Realm explodes, comparable to ordinary Taiyi Golden Immortals.

With such strength, he still thinks his body is too weak?

If you want to cultivate both physical and mental skills, it is not something that can be done casually.

Talent, hard work, and opportunity are indispensable.

Both are in the realm of Daluo Jinxian, and are often nourished by ginseng fruits. The physical strength of Zhenyuanzi and Hongyun is only good enough to step into the heavenly fairy.

With such a comparison, Zhenyuanzi Hongyun felt that all the ginseng fruit he ate before had gone into the dog's stomach.

However, seeing Lin Long's serious face, Zhen Yuanzi Hongyun could only smile awkwardly.

"Fellow Daoist has lofty aspirations, and the two of us are not as good as them."

Lin Long didn't know what Zhen Yuanzi and Hong Yun were thinking.

Although he has also traveled in the prehistoric for a period of time, but there are very few people who can give him some advice about practice.

As for the dual cultivation of body and law, no one has ever told me about the difficulty of this kind of cultivation.

Therefore, it made Lin Long think that both body and method cultivation is a very common thing.

Little do they know that innate beings are restricted by the rules of the Dao of Heaven, and if the realm of the primordial spirit breaks through, the realm of the physical body will naturally slow down.

Of course, the Wu Clan of later generations did not cultivate the primordial spirit, so they were naturally not included.

However, it is absolutely impossible for a person like Lin Long, who has already reached the Da Luo Jinxian's realm of law, to be able to improve his physical body without restriction.

He hadn't realized how terrifying his talent was.

The potential of the Hunyuan Daluo Golden Immortal described by the favor of the Dao is not just about being able to cultivate to that level on the Yuanshen.

Naturally, the physical body also has to be upgraded simultaneously.

After exchanging a few words with Zhen Yuanzi and Hong Yun, Lin Long took advantage of the situation and temporarily stayed in Wuzhuang Temple.

Now there is an uproar in the prehistoric uploads, and everyone is talking about himself, the newly promoted dragon god.

Not only the Dragon Clan, but also the Phoenix Clan and Qilin Clan have many eyes looking for him.

Lin Long, who has always adhered to the principle of safety first, and can only develop in the long run by keeping a low profile, will naturally not expose himself to this kind of gaze.

Wuzhuang Temple is rarely visited by people, and it is a good place to hide.

Time flies by, and it is another hundred years in a blink of an eye.

In the past hundred years, Zhen Yuanzi, Hong Yun, and Lin Long have also become acquainted with each other.

Zhen Yuanzi and Hong Yun also learned that Lin Long's canonization as the Dragon God was simply a conspiracy of the Dragon Clan.

And Lin Long, a dragon clan, is also different from other dragon clans, and has no desire to dominate the wilderness like the dragon clan.

He also has his own views on Honghuang's current situation.

Even in front of Zhen Yuanzi and Hong Yun, Lin Long bluntly said that the desire of the Dragon, Phoenix, and Qilin to dominate the prehistoric world is absolutely impossible to realize.

While Hong Yun and Zhen Yuanzi were shocked, they also completely relieved Lin Long and allowed Lin Long to live here with peace of mind.

From time to time, the three of them would make tea and talk about Taoism. Of course, Zhen Yuanzi also ate a lot of ginseng fruit.

After a hundred years, through the nourishment of Zhenyuanzi's ginseng fruit, Lin Long's physical realm finally broke through the shackles and was promoted to the realm of Taiyi Jinxian.

On this day, Lin Long was sitting cross-legged in the main courtyard of Wuzhuang Temple.

Zhen Yuanzi and Hong Yun are playing chess in the backyard.

Suddenly, Lin Long opened his eyes fiercely, and two golden lights shot up into the sky, like sharp swords, splitting the clouds in the sky.

In the void, a pair of magnificent eyes opened.

There is endless divine light flowing in those eyes, and thousands of laws are all in them.

Even the eyes of heaven, before these eyes, can only retreat.

It is Lin Long's magical power of the pupil of the avenue.

When the realm was raised before, the pupil of the Dao did not change, which made Lin Long still very surprised.

You must know that the pupil of the Dao that I have comprehended has such a domineering name, but its effect is mediocre, and it can only break through some innate restrictions.

It's a bit tasteless.

Finally, now that the realm of the physical body is gradually catching up, the supernatural power of the pupil of the Dao has finally changed.

Today's pupil of the Dao can not only break the innate restriction. In his eyes, all kinds of formations are like paper paste, which can be broken easily.

And this is not the most important thing, the upgraded pupil of the Dao can actually block the power of the opponent's law.

Not mana, but law.

Once irradiated by the divine light in the pupil of the Dao, for a long period of time, the irradiated creatures will not be able to mobilize any laws, and can only be reduced to lambs waiting to be slaughtered.

"The pupil of Dao is really powerful, and it is worthy of the word Dao."

Just as Lin Long sighed, Zhen Yuanzi and Hong Yun, who discovered the vision, hurried over from the backyard.

"Friend Lin Long, what's going on? Why did you make such a big commotion just now?"

Zhen Yuanzi and Hong Yun looked around, thinking that something happened.

"Hahahaha, fellow daoists, don't be nervous."

Lin Long smiled and said, "It's just that I have improved a little bit in my practice."

Hearing this, Zhen Yuanzi and Hong Yun hurried forward and curiously asked about Lin Long's progress in practicing supernatural powers.

This is not a secret, Lin Long did not hide it, but simply said a few words about the function of the pupil of the Dao.

After more than a hundred years of contact, Lin Long naturally knew what Zhen Yuanzi and Hong Yun were like. Their mouths were tighter than their belts, so naturally they would not easily pass on their supernatural powers.

Moreover, even if they passed it on, the pupil of the Great Dao cannot be avoided by the opponent knowing the information.

Therefore, Lin Long had no scruples.

After listening to Lin Long's introduction, Zhen Yuanzi couldn't help but shook his head and sighed: "Fellow Daoist, you are too perverted."

Hong Yun also nodded like a chicken pecking rice: "That's right, it's very, very good."

Lin Long couldn't help but burst out laughing, are you sure it's a compliment?


		