

Inside the Pangu Great Hall.

Zuwu Zhurong rubbed his hands together with embarrassment on his face: "Master Wushen, we really didn't know it was you before, please forgive me if I offended you."

Di Jiang also nodded in agreement: "Yes, my lord, don't be as knowledgeable as us. The reason why you were prevented from entering the Pangu Hall was because you didn't know that you were a witch god. Now that you know, you can naturally enter and leave the Pangu Hall as you like."

Zhu Jiuyin, Qiangliang, Gonggong and a group of ancestral witches nodded again and again, completely changing their attitudes.

Lin Long wasn't really angry either.

"Okay, get up, I still have something to ask you."

Except for Houtu, the other ancestral witches did not get up.

Hou Tu said: "Okay, brothers, since the Sorcerer God said to let everyone get up, let's get up, so we can listen to what the Sorcerer God has to say."

The ancestor witches looked at each other, hesitated for a while, and then stood up respectfully.

Lin Long glanced at the ancestor witches.

"You should have identified me by now."

"I don't want to talk nonsense either. Judging by your appearance, you also want to be taught like a queen, right?"

The eyes of the ancestor witches lit up.

This is not what I expected in my heart.

"Demonstrate your respective magical powers separately."

Lin Long had a hunch that after comprehending all the supernatural powers of these ancestral witches, he might gain a lot.

"Alright, Lord Sorcerer God, I'll come first!"

Zhu Rong, who is the most straightforward, was the first to speak!

As Zhu Rong stood up, burning flames rose from his body.

Lin Long operated the pupil of the Dao again, wanting to take a closer look at the magical powers of the ancestor witches.

On Zhu Rong's body, magical powers condensed and turned into two fire dragons.

From the mouth of the fire dragon, flames of nothingness and chaos spit out.

With just one glance, Lin Long could see the extraordinaryness of this flame!

"Chaos Spirit Fire!"

Lin Long had already overestimated the supernatural powers of these ancestral witches as much as possible, but now he found that he still underestimated a little!

[You watch the ancestral witch Zhurong's natal supernatural powers, and successfully comprehend the Dao-level supernatural powers, the fire-controlling supernatural way! 】

[Fire Control Shinto: Dominate all kinds of flames under the avenue, Dacheng can turn into thousands of fires and burn the world! 】

The introduction is simple, but its power should not be underestimated.

The Law of Fire itself is a very powerful law of attack.

Not to mention the supernatural powers at the Dao level!

After Zhu Rong's demonstration ended, Di Jiang also stood up.

[You watch Zu Wudi Jiang's natal supernatural powers, and successfully comprehend Dao-level supernatural powers, space control! 】

[Space Control: Integrate the laws of space into yourself, turn it into a space avenue, and swim freely in space! 】

A group of ancestral witches such as Jumang, Qiangliang, Zhujiuyin, etc. showed their supernatural powers one by one.

Space, Wood, Metal, Water, Fire, Wind, Thunder, Electricity, Time, Weather, Rain, Earth.

The twelve attributes were displayed one by one before Lin Long's eyes.

The savvy endowed by Dao Qi Luck did not disappoint Lin Long's expectation.

Every time Lin Long watched it, he would comprehend a kind of supernatural power.

Even though Lin Long's state of mind has been tempered very well these years, ordinary things can't make his heart fluctuate.

But after seeing these supernatural powers, Lin Long was still unavoidably shocked.

The twelve witch clans of the witch clan only mastered the power of the law corresponding to the supernatural powers, and did not master the supernatural powers.

Lin Long deduced these supernatural powers in reverse through Dao Qi Luck.

But this also shows how strong Pangu was at the beginning, and every supernatural power in it can become a giant if it is cultivated to great success!

The twelve ancestral witches displayed their supernatural powers one by one.

Lin Long also mastered all the supernatural powers.

The ontology far away in the Dragon God Realm naturally also learned these supernatural powers.

Suddenly, the law of force in the primordial spirit throbbed!

Twelve kinds of supernatural powers turned into dao patterns, surrounded by the law of force.

[Comprehend the twelve supernatural powers of the Dao, comprehend the law of strength +30%, and the current proficiency is 50%]

[Successfully comprehend the twelve supernatural powers of the Dao, the law of strength, comprehend the grandmeng level supernatural powers: the Dao reshape! 】

[Avenue Reshaping: It can reshape the world and deduce the avenue. 】

It was just a few words, but Lin Long couldn't calm down for a long time!

Is this still magical?

To reshape the avenue, as long as one's own realm is cultivated enough, he can evolve anything by himself.

It is not impossible to re-evolve a prehistoric world.

Of course, with Lin Long's current cultivation base, if he wanted to evolve into the Dao, he would have to put his life into it before it even started.

Inside the Dragon Temple, Lin Long waved his main body casually, looked around, and suddenly noticed Enlightenment Tea beside him.

Lin Long's supernatural powers were running.

The next moment, a brand new cup of Enlightenment Tea appeared in Lin Long's hands.

This is not an illusion, let alone a transporting technique.

It is a cup of tea that is really brewed from the spiritual leaves of Wudao tea.

And this tea was evolved out of thin air by Lin Long using the Dao to reshape it!

"This is the supernatural power of the Hongmeng level."

According to Lin Long's calculations, his current state can at most evolve some low-grade innate spiritual roots.

Any more, and he would hurt his Daoji.

Even so, Lin Long was still very excited.

With the improvement of one's own realm, relying on this supernatural power, it is not impossible to evolve the way of heaven in one thought in the future.

Lin Long knew that this time he really got a big deal.

Suddenly, Lin Long's mind flashed!

correct! Since this supernatural power can evolve all things in the Dao, can I use this thing to repair the Chaos Orb and the Jade Plate of Good Fortune!

With his backhand, Lin Long took out the fragments of his good luck jade plate and the chaotic beads.

In an instant, the Boundless Dao Rhyme appeared in the Dragon Temple.

Lin Long's surroundings are like a fantasy world of stars!

The reshaping of the avenue is constantly deduced.

Lin Long's spiritual thoughts were all focused on these two treasures that were formerly the treasures of chaos!

Under the attention of his spiritual consciousness, the expression on Lin Long's face changed from nervousness at first to joy!

"It's done! It's really done!"

It is very difficult to re-deduce a spirit treasure, especially a chaos-level spirit treasure, which is hopeless.

But if you want to repair the Lingbao, the consumption is much smaller.

Even the current Lin Long can repair it, but the progress is a little slower.

After a while, Lin Long slowly opened his eyes.

"call……"

Lin Long exhaled a foul breath.

"Yes, although the speed of repairing is very slow, it is indeed being repaired."

"Go back and find a way to reverse refine the twenty-four Dinghaishen beads. With this thing, I will definitely be able to repair this chaotic orb."

"It is rumored that the Chaos Orb has the effect of separating the heaven and the earth. With this thing, it will be more sure to fight Hongjun."

Hongjun's greatest reliance is his fortune jade plate.

The predecessor of Good Fortune Jade Plate was Chaos Spirit Treasure.

But after being broken, it can barely reach the level of innate treasure.

In the Pangu Great Hall, Taoist Mosquito's avatar also felt the feedback from the main body!

The aura on his body has become mellow and tyrannical again!

A group of ancestor witches once again felt the familiar aura and hurriedly knelt on the ground.

Worshiping the witch god in his mouth!

The trace of doubt that was left in his eyes completely dissipated now.


		