

Looking at the demon general kneeling below, Di Jun waved his hand feebly.

"Forget it, you go down."

At the very beginning, when his daughter sneaked into the wilderness, Di Jun would still be very angry, and would punish these guys for their ineffectiveness, even a little princess.

But as Dihua fled more and more times, Di Jun also understood that it wasn't that these people below were incompetent, but that Dihua, as a monster princess, would not be able to stop her if she was determined to go out. .

Having recuperated in the small world for many years, Di Jun's violent temper has also subsided a lot.

The demon general also knew that Di Jun was in a bad mood, so he was trembling when he came to report, but now with Di Jun's permission, he hastily left Lingxiao Palace as if he had been pardoned.

Di Jun was the only one left in the hall sitting on the emperor's chair, unable to sigh.

Da da--

Soon, there was a sound of footsteps outside the hall, followed by Donghuang Taiyi's voice: "Brother, what are you worrying about?"

Di Jun raised his head and glanced at Tai Yi, he could get angry with other people, but he never got angry with Tai Yi, his younger brother.

Hearing Tai Yi's question, Di Jun shook his head and sighed, "Oh, it's not that girl Di Hua who escaped again..."

Taiyi frowned: "Escaped again?"

Compared to Di Jun, Tai Yi didn't take Di Hua's escape seriously.

Because compared to Emperor Jun, Tai Yi's ambition is actually not that big, he is fighting for the prehistoric era, and he is also acting as a vanguard for his elder brother.

But now the Witch Clan has not provoked the Monster Clan these years, and the struggle between the two clans has gradually let go, so Tai has no prejudice against the Witch Clan.

However, he also knew that this was Di Jun's knot in his heart, so it was naturally impossible for him to make sarcastic remarks from the sidelines.

For that little girl of Di Hua, how could Tai Yi fail to see that a large part of the reason for her repeated escapes was because she was moved by Chun Xin.

And he came to Di Jun this time to solve the matter.

"Brother, in my opinion, it's better to settle this matter as soon as possible."

Di Jun frowned slightly: "Second brother, what do you mean?"

Taiyi shook his head, and said: "It's not what I mean, but the facts are in front of us. If Dihua really likes that Wu clan boy, what's the point of you and I blocking her? Don't you and I not know her temperament?" ?"

"If you push too fast, it will be counterproductive if you don't say it well."

"At that time, the father and daughter will be in trouble, not only can't solve the problem, but even the entire monster race will lose face, and it will only make the entire prehistoric creatures laugh."

Di Jun frowned and weighed the pros and cons in his heart: "But that kid, after all, is from the Witch Clan. If Dihua likes any young talent from the Witch Clan, he will be a brother, but he is from the Witch Clan..."

Others can ignore Hou Yi's racial identity, but Di Jun can't.

Although he has gradually smoothed his ambition in the small world, he still thinks that his ambition still exists in his heart!

What he wants is to rule the prehistoric world!

With such an idea in mind, the Liches and Demon Clans cannot be friends forever!

If it really came to the day of the war, what would my daughter do?

However, Tai Yi laughed when he heard the words: "Brother, you are confused."

"What's the meaning?"

Seeing that Di Jun didn't understand, Tai Yi had to explain patiently: "Brother, do you think the Yaozu can really go to war with the Wuzu? I think that now is the best time for us to join forces with the Wuzu!"

"Joining hands? My monster clan is powerful, so why join forces with other clans?"

Di Jun said in a muffled voice, but Tai Yi was not annoyed, instead he sat beside Di Jun and said, "Brother, don't forget that there is someone from the Wu Clan in charge, even if we really win the battle Without the Wu Clan, as long as that one makes a move, all our previous efforts will be meaningless."

"Besides, the increase in the strength of the Wu Clan is also very scary. Whether we can win the fight is another matter."

These words made Dijun silent again.

Because what Tai Yi said was right, the witch god Lin Long was in charge of the witch clan, who was on an equal footing with Daozu Hongjun, and even faintly suppressed Daozu, otherwise Daozu wouldn't have given in again and again.

If Lin Long wanted to help the Wu Clan, the Yao Clan would have been wiped out countless times!

"Ugh."

After an unknown amount of time, Di Jun sighed and waved his hands weakly: "Forget it, let her go..."

At this time, Di Jun finally gave up.

Just like what Tai Yi said, if it is really possible to get on the line of Lin Long by uniting with the Wu Clan, it may not be a bad thing.

Besides, that kid from the Wu Clan has really good potential.

"So, brother, do you accept that kid is with Di Hua?"

When Tai Yi said this, Di Jun snorted: "Hmph, how can it be so simple to ask me to agree? I just have busy affairs among the monster clan now, and I don't have time to care about these things!"

The majestic demon emperor, the lord of the demon clan, now only his mouth is hard.

"Hehe, good, what brother said makes sense."

Tai Yi on the side naturally sees through but doesn't tell the truth, he is still a good brother.


The prehistoric world.

In an unknown valley, beside the water stream, there is a temporary wooden house.

There are a lot of dried fish and some animal skins drying outside the wooden house.

The door of this small wooden house creaked and pushed open from the inside, and it was Dihua, the little princess of the demon clan, who came out.

It's just that Dihua is not wearing the gorgeous clothes at this time, but puts on animal skin clothes like coarse cloth.

Her hair was simply tied together, and she held a basin of unwashed laundry in her hand.

If they hadn't seen it with their own eyes, no one would have believed that this was the pampered little princess of the Yaozu!

"Brother Houyi, hurry up and take care of the prey. I'll wash these clothes, and we can eat."

Dihua's face was filled with a happy smile, and he no longer looked like a demon princess, but more like a young daughter-in-law who just got married.

And outside the house, Hou Yi was holding a dagger in his hand, and was cutting a prey that looked like a wild boar.

"Sister Dihua, be careful, the water by the river is rushing right now."

"Understood, Hou Yi..."

Di Hua half-spoken, looked forward, and suddenly froze in place.

Not far ahead, a middle-aged man with a handsome appearance was looking in the direction of the wooden house.

Slap!

The wooden basin in Dihua's hand fell to the ground all of a sudden.

"Second, Second Uncle, why are you here..."

When Houyi heard the movement, he didn't care about anything else, and hurried to Dihua's side, and said eagerly, "Dihua, what's the matter? Are you not injured?"

This kid didn't hear what Dihua said, but thought that Dihua slipped and fell into the tub, and was still worried about whether his sister Dihua would be injured.

However, he didn't see Dihua being injured, but instead saw Dihua's eyes looking into the distance.

Following his gaze, Hou Yi saw the man standing in the distance, and suddenly felt extremely dangerous in his heart.

Apart from his master and the Twelve Ancestral Witches, this was the first time he felt this way!

In the prehistoric world today, there are two or three big cats and kittens. Except for Hongjun, Taiyi's cultivation is definitely in the top three.

Coupled with the treasure of the Chaos Clock in hand, even against Shang Sanqing, he has no fear at all.

The current Houyi is really not Taiyi's opponent.

"Boy, I'll give you a chance, get out now, I don't have to kill you."

Donghuang Taiyi said in a deep voice, with a trace of pure killing intent in his eyes.

"Second Uncle, I ran out by myself, it has nothing to do with Brother Houyi!"

As the little princess of the Yaozu, Dihua is too aware of his uncle's strength.

If he really did it, brother Houyi would definitely die!

But even if Di Hua said so, Tai Yi remained unmoved, and it seemed that only Hou Yi was left in his eyes.

Hou Yi gritted his teeth, facing this murderous intent, and looked directly at Tai Yi: "I won't leave, I brought Di Hua out, you guys will be punished, just come to me Hou Yi!"

As the voice fell, Donghuang Taiyi's killing intent became more intense!

An extremely viscous bloody color appeared in the surrounding air!

From the time Dihua was born until now, he had never seen his second uncle Taiyi look like this, his body began to tremble in fear, but he still wanted to stand in front of Hou Yi desperately.

As for Houyi, he firmly guarded Dihua behind his back, and when he probed his hands, the bow jumped out of his hands.

A ray of light bloomed on the bow, completely protecting Houyi and Dihua.

It's just that Tai Yi's cultivation base is really deep, and the murderous aura revealed made Hou Yi unable to support it very quickly.

With a tyrannical cultivation base and rich practical experience, it is too easy for Tai Yi to crush Hou Yi, which is not comparable to talent!

Besides, in terms of talent, Donghuang Taiyi is also top-notch!

Seeing that the battle between the two is about to start.

However, at this moment, Tai Yi suddenly burst out laughing: "Hahaha, that's right, the boy from the Witch Clan can persist for so long under my killing intent, and protect Dihua without hesitation, without showing the slightest timidity. He is qualified to marry Di Hua."


		