

Looking at Guang Chengzi in front of him, Fuxi couldn't help feeling suspicious.

Could this be a fake fairy?

After Guang Chengzi came to the tribe, what he did seemed to be helping the human race in the tribe, but the actual result was to drag the human race back and make the human race develop various bad habits.

You know, the human race is not without monks, and there are even many Daluo Jinxian realms in the ancestral land.

However, not all races have cultivation bases. If it is really possible to use magic power to assist the development of the human race, why use him Guang Chengzi?

To be honest, Fuxi already regretted accepting this immortal into the tribe.

Now, it's not good to keep it, and it's not good to drive it away.

Looking at Guang Chengzi's lofty appearance, Fuxi took a deep breath.

"Master Immortal, this is a newly developed tool by our human race. It can be used to catch fish and improve the efficiency of human race to obtain food."

"Moreover, this weaving method can be used in other ways by changing some materials."

Guang Chengzi looked at the net in Fuxi's hand, feeling a little displeased, but he couldn't say anything: "Hmph, it's unnecessary."

After saying this, Guang Chengzi turned and left, leaving behind a group of people and Fuxi, looking at the net in their hands, looking at each other in blank dismay.

Fuxi looked at the direction Guangchengzi left, and shook his head secretly.

"Okay, let's continue hunting."

Time passed little by little.

Ten years passed in a blink of an eye.

For those who are capable of cultivating immortals, ten years is just the blink of an eye.

However, for the human race, ten years is precious, and many things can already be changed.

Fuxi is constantly growing and improving. Under Yunxiao's intentional teaching, Fuxi has already become somewhat of a leader of the human race.

Of course, the lord of the human race mentioned here only refers to the acquired human race except for the ancestral land.

The innate human race in those ancestral lands, under Lao Tzu's tireless preaching, their cultivation has improved by leaps and bounds.

The prehistoric land is vast, without the existence of monsters and witches, and the footsteps of human races are almost all over the prehistoric, so most of the human races rely on primitive behaviors to survive.

But Fuxi gradually found a way forward for them.

However, in Fuxi's tribe, there is still a shit-stirring stick.

Guang Chengzi!

During the past ten years, Guang Chengzi tried his best to promote and spread teachings among the human race, and continued to help some human races who were willing to obey the teachings with his mana.

These human races don't need to work, they only need to do one thing every day, and that is to preach and teach!

Due to Guang Chengzi's status, Fu Xi couldn't expressly prohibit him.

After all, Chanjiao is really a saint sect.

But at this time, promoting the teachings in the human race, especially the method of Guangchengzi, is harmful but not beneficial. Sometimes Fuxi even doubts whether the teachings of the teachings are really something for nothing!

The human tribe continued to develop and prosper, and gradually, Guang Chengzi, a group of people who kept preaching and teaching, became a burden for the tribe.

In the evening of that day, Fuxi came to Yunxiao's residence again.

In ten years, Yunxiao's old woman's appearance hasn't changed much. It may be because her image was already very old when she first appeared, so her appearance hasn't changed in ten years, and it hasn't aroused the suspicion of the human race.

Looking at the resting Yunxiao lying on the wooden couch, Fuxi called softly: "Old man, have you rested already?"

Yunxiao naturally knew that Fuxi had come in, she slowly opened her eyes, looked at Fuxi, and asked knowingly: "So it's the patriarch Fuxi, it's so late, come to Laoshen's place, is there something important?"

Fuxi opened his mouth, but didn't know what to say, obviously, he had some scruples in his heart.

Yun Xiao smiled slightly, and continued to say: "Now the clan is prosperous. Compared with ten years ago, we have a more stable source of food, and we have learned to use tools. At the same time, etiquette and etiquette are gradually improving. Does the clan leader have any dissatisfaction?" place?"

Thinking of the changes in the tribe over the years, Fuxi couldn't help showing a smile on his face.

"In these years, I have seen the changes in the tribe. I have to thank you, old man. If you didn't remind me from time to time, I would never be able to do what I am doing now."

Having said that, Fuxi bowed and saluted: "Old man, please accept my worship."

"The patriarch doesn't have to be like this. I'm also a member of the tribe. How can I bear to watch the tribe stagnate? When the tribe encounters difficulties, how can I stand by and watch?"

As he spoke, Yun Xiao stretched out his hand to help Fuxi up.

Fuxi sighed, and said, "Well, if I can be like you, old man, I won't be here today."

"To be honest, I came here today to ask the old man if you have solved the problem of the sect preached by Immortal Master Guangchengzi."

"Explanation is the sect of saints, and it is understandable for us and the human race to respect it."

"However, Immortal Master Guangchengzi's method of promoting the sect has made many human races feel lazy."

"I firmly believe that if the human race wants to become stronger, it can't be done by believing in the saint sect. This requires us and the human race to work together and make continuous changes, which is definitely not the case now."

"Nowadays, this sect is spreading more and more widely, and there is a faint trend that it will never go away. If things go on like this..."

Fuxi didn't continue to speak, but the meaning in the words was obvious, if things go on like this, I'm afraid it will bring bad things to the human race.

And Yunxiao also understood Fuxi's meaning. Fuxi had endured the matter of Guangchengzi's preaching and teaching to the extreme, and only wanted to resolve this matter as soon as possible.

Yun Xiao shook his head secretly in his heart, he also saw what Guang Chengzi had done these years.

As a saint, it cannot be said that there is no help.

But without Guang Chengzi, it would have taken at least five years less time for the tribe to develop into what it is now.

Yun Xiao was quite helpless about this.

Yun Xiao was kind-hearted, and he didn't know if his master Lin Long had any backhands, so he didn't take action against Guang Chengzi, for fear that if he did, it would ruin the matter of his master.

Therefore, she just silently instructed Fuxi how to develop the human race.

In the eyes of Guang Chengzi, Yun Xiao is just an ordinary old woman of the human race, how could her eyesight be comparable to that of his disciple, a sage.

Therefore, Guang Chengzi didn't pay much attention to Yun Xiao from the beginning to the end.

Now, Fuxi already has the status of a human emperor, and he only needs to spread the knowledge of the tribe to the entire human race before he can retire.

At that time, I am afraid that it will be difficult to have the good fruit of Guangchengzi.

"Patriarch, after all, Immortal Master Guangchengzi came from the sect of a sage. Taking action against him is disrespectful to a sage. It must not be done like this."

Hearing what Yunxiao said, Fuxi also nodded, and sighed: "Of course I know about this, but now I want to spread the various cultural heritages of my tribe to the entire human race. If there is such a person hanging behind, I'm afraid It's impossible."

Of course the Saint Sect is a good sect, but Guang Chengzi's propaganda method is almost catching up with the cult.

It's okay for other small tribes, but if you go to a big tribe, anyone with some knowledge can see the disadvantages at a glance. When the time comes to spread knowledge by yourself, can't you be regarded as a cult?

Thinking of this, Fuxi's scalp tingled for a while.

Yun Xiao pondered for a moment, then slowly said: "Patriarch, this matter is not impossible to solve."

Fuxi's eyes lit up when he heard this, and he quickly said, "Old man, tell me quickly!"

He was really annoyed by Guang Chengzi.

"It's better to block than to block!"

Yun Xiao said: "Immortal Master Guangchengzi preaches the Sage Sect, we can't block it arbitrarily, since that's the case, why don't block it, just push it to the front."

"Even a fairy master has limited mana, and our human race is huge, so there is always a limit to using mana to ingest food."

"I can hold on for a day or two, but if things go on like this, even immortals can't stand it. At that time, people who believe in it will breed dissatisfaction. If you explain the benefits and disadvantages, patriarch, the matter will collapse."

After she said these words, Fuxi thought about it for a while, and felt that this matter was feasible.

"Okay, then according to what you said, old man, starting tomorrow, I will no longer control this matter. This time I will settle this matter at once, and there is no longer any delay!"

There was a hint of determination in Fuxi's eyes.


		