

Seeing Master Tongtian raised Qingping Sword horizontally to block Yuanshi Tianzun, Lin Long couldn't help but secretly nodded.

Master Tongtian really values ​​love and righteousness.

Even Yuanshi Tianzun looked at Tongtian in disbelief at this moment.

You know, on weekdays, he often runs on this third brother.

This time, if the Master Tongtian proposed to reincarnate himself to experience the Sacred Heart, he would not be surprised at all.

However, the truth turned out to be that his most trusted elder brother, Lao Tzu, betrayed him, while his third brother, Master Tongtian, protected him.

At this moment, Yuanshi Tianzun had mixed feelings in his heart.

Hongjun over there was staring at Tongtian, wondering what was going on in his mind.

"Second brother, after this incident, my disciples should teach me well. Di Jun's suggestion to you and me back then was quite reasonable. We wait for saints to accept disciples. Aptitude is important, but character should be put first."

Hearing the Tongtian leader speak, Yuan Shi didn't speak.

Because he didn't know what to say at the moment.

The saints between heaven and earth, except for Nuwa, almost all appeared here.

That Nuwa never showed up because of Lin Long's instructions.

After all, Nu Wa, as the Holy Mother of Human Race, is also a saint of humanity, so it is not easy to come forward about this matter.

As for Lin Long, it doesn't matter. Although he is called the holy father of the human race, he is not under the jurisdiction of humanity.

Afterwards, Lin Long looked at the leader of Tongtian, and with a wave of his hand, a ban appeared beside Yuanshi and Tongtian, surrounding them.

"Huh? Dragon God? This is a matter between us brothers. What do you mean?"

Master Tongtian could tell that Lin Long wanted to protect himself and Yuanshi.

You know, there are now three saints who support Yuanshi Tianzun's temporary removal from the holy throne. In addition, Daozu Hongjun also has the same idea.

Daozu Hongjun is at the same level as the Cyanwood Dragon God. Could it be that the Cyanwood Dragon God wants to deal with so many people with the power of one person?

Don't forget, there is also Humanity watching from the sidelines!

Countless prehistoric powers held their breath, for fear that they would miss something.

And Hongjun also looked at Lin Long at this time, with a slight sneer on his face and said: "Qingmu Dragon God, even though you are stronger than me, but I am not alone today, you can't stop it."

There is Rahu in his body, even though he has not merged with the Dao of Heaven, his strength has reached the level of Hunyuan Wuji Luo Jinxian.

This is already on par with Lin Long.

Moreover, there is an incarnation of human will next to him, and in terms of strength, he is no worse than Hongjun.

In addition, there are Lao Tzu, Jie Yin, and Zhun Ti!

These are enemies!

No matter how you look at it, Lin Long must lose!

But unfortunately, he actually took action to protect Yuanshi and Tongtian.

It's protection, but it's also confinement!

There was a hint of excitement in the eyes of Jieyin and Zhunti.

Lin Long is the ruler of the Dragon God Realm, and he has countless descendants of the three innate clans, plus the second clan of liches, these are all forces under his command.

Moreover, they have been to the Dragon God Realm, and they have long coveted the rich Dragon God Realm.

If they rely on the two brothers alone, they will definitely not be Lin Long's opponent. Therefore, they dare not even think about dealing with Lin Long!

But now, with Dao Zu Hongjun and Human Dao Will attacking together, this is the best time to get rid of Lin Long!

Lin Long looked at the few people, and there was no tension on his face, but a smile on his face.

Of course, he knew the thoughts of several people clearly.

However, as the saying goes, people with high skills are bold, no matter how many of these people there are, why would they be afraid in front of me!

"Since that's the case, what are you waiting for? You just do it directly."

Hong Jun looked at Lin Long, not knowing whether Lin Long was pretending to be calm or if he really had some trump cards.

However, after hesitating for a moment, Hongjun still took a deep breath and decided to seize this opportunity!

Once in a lifetime opportunity!

"Qingmu Dragon God, since you are obsessed with your obsession, then I will have a fight with you today!"

"Do it!"

Following Hongjun's burst of shouting, that Lao Tzu, Jie Yin, and Zhun Ti immediately moved in response to the sound!

After all, Hongjun knew that it would be difficult for him to take down Lin Long alone, so he simply dragged the three saints along!

As for humanity, it has not been done yet.

The problem between it and Lin Long did not stop at the point of fighting.

With a smile on the corner of Lin Long's mouth, he looked at the few people coming towards him, and then, with a thought, the law of time and the law of space appeared together!

at once!

The space where several people live is filled with two kinds of laws, even saints will inevitably be affected.

The battlefield escapes directly from the prehistoric world into the void!

Lin Long was one against four, but he still seemed to be able to handle it with ease.

On the contrary, Tongtian, Yuanshi, and Humanity below were ignored.

In the void, Lao Tzu and the other saints became more and more frightened!

Lin Long's strength was completely beyond their expectations!

Together with Daozu, the four of them dealt with Lin Long together, but they were still suppressed and beaten by Lin Long!

And it seemed that Lin Long hadn't used his full strength yet!

This fucking one-sided fight, how to fight?

"Humanity, don't deal with Yuanshi and the culprit at this time?"

Na Hongjun was also anxious in his heart, and couldn't help shouting towards the humanity of the prehistoric world.

If Lin Long were to act humanely, once Lin Long was distracted, the situation might be reversed!

Moreover, when the matter reached this stage, he could also see that it might be impossible to really kill Lin Long.

Therefore, he can only settle for the next best thing, as long as Yuanshi can escape from the Holy Throne, then he will be considered as a winner, and he will find a way to devour the detrimental Dao of Heaven in the future, and the future will last forever!

Hearing Hongjun's shout, Humane looked at Lin Long, then at Yuanshi and Guangchengzi, and finally walked towards them.

Human beings outside the body must protect the emperor of the human race, which is his duty.

Tong Tian clenched the Qingping Sword in his hand, staring at Human Dao, ready to fight to the death.

But in the void, I saw Lin Long's robe sleeves waved, and the Master Tongtian and Yuanshi Tianzun in the prehistoric world had no resistance at all, and were directly put into the sleeves by Lin Long!

Seeing this situation, the prehistoric creatures couldn't help but gasp.

The sage, in front of this Cyanwood Dragon God, is no different from ordinary prehistoric creatures.

It's just that, shouldn't the Master Tongtian be on the same side as the Aoki Dragon God? Could it be that this Cyanwood Dragon God was confused and regarded Tongtian as an enemy?

Even Hongjun, Laozi and others looked at Lin Long strangely.

"Don't look at me like that, Tongtian is here, I'm a bit in the way."

"Speaking of which, these years, Hongjun, you and I haven't fought with all our strength. Mostly we fought each other on the chessboard. Why don't you and I show some cards to each other today!"

Lin Long said.

But his appearance that everything is under control made Hongjun feel more and more uneasy.

Because right now, Lin Long's strength has far exceeded his expectations.

But Lin Long said that they want to show each other some cards?

I fucked myself upside down, you told me you just finished warming up?

Before Hongjun could react, he saw that Lin Long was holding all the laws of space and time around him in his hands!

Immediately, the pupil of the Dao appeared behind Lin Long in the form of a dharma image phantom!

A vertical pupil comparable to the will of heaven appeared behind Lin Long, but wherever the vertical pupil stared, the space would be blocked.

Not even the laws can be mobilized.

In an instant, a radius of hundreds of millions of miles became a closed space, completely isolated from the outside world.

However, the commotion caused by Lin Long was far from over.

Under the urging of Lin Long's supernatural power, a long river of fate slowly emerged around him.

Immediately afterwards, two figures walked out of the river of fate.

The illusory figure became a reality in the blink of an eye.

Everyone was shocked to find that these two figures looked exactly like Lin Long!

The most important thing is that the aura revealed by the two figures is also comparable to that of Lin Long.

This shows that Lin Long summoned two clones with the same level of cultivation as himself!

A Lin Long is already an existence that can sit on an equal footing with Daozu and even suppress one head, and now he has summoned two clones with exactly the same strength as the main body...

This Cyanwood Dragon God actually still hides such a terrifying trump card.

All the prehistoric creatures who saw this scene swallowed unconsciously, suppressing the shock in their hearts.

The expression on Hongjun's face was even more difficult to see.

He was just guessing what kind of hole card Lin Long had that he didn't use, but he didn't expect that this hole card would be so strong.

This magical power is exactly what Lin Long realized when he listened to Hongjun's explanation of the method of beheading three corpses.

What this supernatural power consumes is not mana, but cause and effect.

With Lin Long's current cultivation level, the karma required to display this supernatural power is not small.

However, summoning two clones is definitely enough to deal with Hongjun and Humanity.

Immediately, the three Lin Longs turned their hands back again, and took out three innate treasures transformed from six pure bamboos.

"Heaven and Earth Sword Furnace, get up!"


		