

By swallowing ginseng fruit, one can comprehend a supernatural power, which is both reasonable and unreasonable.

Deriving Yang Yuan is one of the thirty-six Tiangang supernatural powers.

Its main function is to absorb the essence of heaven and earth and feed back to the body, so as to achieve the effect of strengthening the body and replenishing the essence.

What Lin Long lacks the most now is this Yang Yuan of life!

Before Lin Long was familiar with this supernatural power, a more vigorous life energy rushed straight to the sky.

In an instant, Lin Long felt as if he was in another world.

The boundless spiritual energy gathered in his body, and all the acupuncture points all over his body opened up.

His physical body was like a sponge that hadn't absorbed water for a long time, greedily sucking up the spiritual energy.

Zhen Yuanzi and Hong Yun next to him were already stunned by the scene in front of them.

In their eyes, Lin Long, who swallowed the ginseng fruit, suddenly had a huge life energy in his body.

And guided by this life energy, the aura within a radius of ten thousand miles was drawn, and gathered towards this side continuously, penetrating into Lin Long's body.

Lin Long's physical body was supported by this aura at the moment, like a bulging ball.

"Brother Daoist, what's wrong with Fellow Daoist Lin Long?"

Seeing Lin Long's vision, Hong Yun couldn't help taking two steps back, then turned to look at Zhen Yuanzi.

After all, the ginseng fruit belonged to Zhen Yuanzi, and now that the new dragon god of the Dragon Clan ate the ginseng fruit and had such a change, he naturally looked at Zhen Yuanzi subconsciously.

Zhen Yuanzi was also a little puzzled at the moment: "I don't know, but, judging from the situation, it looks like he is enlightening."

"What? Enlightenment? Enlightenment can have such a big battle?"

Although Hong Yun is a nice guy, he is not stupid.

It's not that he hasn't practiced before, and he has naturally experienced the situation of enlightenment.

However, what he realized, at most, was to improve his cultivation base and stimulate the aura around him.

When did Enlightenment be able to arouse the spiritual energy of thousands of miles like Lin Long?

Faced with Hong Yun's questioning, Zhen Yuanzi didn't know how to explain it for a while, because even he himself couldn't be sure what was going on with Lin Long's state.

At the moment, he could only give Hong Yun a look, and let him understand it himself: "You ask me, who should I ask? I also know that this is not the case for normal enlightenment, but this bizarre situation happened right in front of me!"

Speaking of this, Zhen Yuanzi thought for a moment, and continued: "Although I don't know why he is like this, but seeing his breath is stable, it shouldn't be a bad thing. You and I will protect him for the time being."

Hong Yun nodded in agreement.

However, he seemed to have doubts in his heart, and he seemed hesitant to speak.

Zhen Yuanzi has known him for many years, seeing Hong Yun's appearance, he naturally knows that he has something to say: "Hong Yun, is there anything between you and me that you can't say directly?"

Hong Yun thought for a while, and then said: "Actually, it's not an important matter, but I just think it's a bit troublesome. Fellow Daoist Lin Long is the Dragon God of the Dragon Clan. If there are any troubles with you and me, what should we do then? Confess to the Dragon Clan? You must not forget what happened to Sanqing before."

The fact that the Sanqing was destroyed by the Dragon Clan to destroy the Yuxu Palace in Kunlun Mountain has long been spread in the prehistoric times.

Hearing what Hongyun said, Zhen Yuanzi also sighed, and said: "But what can we do? The dragon clan is powerful, and the new dragon god has come to my dojo. Could it be that we are going to drive him out?"

The Dragon Clan is powerful, so Zhen Yuanzi and Hong Yun can't afford to offend them.

As for Lin Long, the dragon god of the Dragon Clan, if something happened to Wuzhuang Temple, the Dragon Clan would have to flatten the entire Wuzhuang Temple.

"Now is not the time to think about these things. Besides, Fellow Daoist Lin Long may not be in trouble. To be named Dragon God by Zulong's Edict, he must have something special. You and I will just protect him."

Hong Yun nodded.

Although the two said so, they had nothing in their hearts.

Time passed little by little.

However, Lin Long's efficiency in absorbing the aura of heaven and earth has not weakened at all, but has become more and more intense.

The strange thing is that these auras entered Lin Long's body, but his cultivation level did not improve at all.

This made Zhen Yuanzi and Hong Yun on the side even more uneasy.

If the new Dragon God of the Dragon Clan has any problems on their territory, Zulong might come to kill them himself.

Just when the heartstrings of the two were tense, an extremely powerful and terrifying aura suddenly erupted from Lin Long's body!

The strength of this aura made both Zhen Yuanzi and Zhen Yuanzi feel palpitations.

"This, this is..."

"It's no wonder that so much spiritual energy from heaven and earth has been absorbed into his body before, and his state has not changed. It turns out that he used all the spiritual energy to beat the flesh!"

"This lunatic! If he absorbs the spiritual energy, he will probably be able to reach the Great Perfection Realm of the Daluo Jinxian at this moment!"

Da Luo Jinxian Dzogchen is already Hong Huang's real top combat power at this time!

Except for the patriarch of the three clans who relied on luck, Hongjun Luohu and others who were hiding in the dark, who could stand out?

In the prehistoric times, how many creatures tried their best to reach the Great Perfection Realm of Daluo!

But now such a good opportunity, Lin Long actually gave up, and instead tempered his body with these auras!

Hong Yun looked at Lin Long, bleeding from heartache, if he was himself, he would definitely use these auras to improve his cultivation.

"Brother Dao, why do you think he is doing this? He has already been able to break through the realm of cultivation, but he still forcibly suppresses his cultivation to improve his physical body."

Zhen Yuanzi shook his head, just about to say something, but suddenly his eyes widened, as if thinking of something.

"Fellow Daoist Hongyun, I'm afraid you and I have really underestimated the newly appointed Dragon God of the Dragon Clan!"

"If my guess is correct, he wants to push his foundation to the limit, and then break through to the perfection of the Da Luo Jinxian, and even sprint to the realm above the Da Luo Jinxian."

"If he really succeeds, then the number one dragon clan will no longer be the ancestor dragon! If he borrows the luck of the dragon clan, even in the prehistoric world, I'm afraid he will be the leader!"

After Zhen Yuanzi finished speaking a few words, Hong Yun also reacted, couldn't help but gasped, and looked at Lin Long who was still tempering his body.

In the prehistoric world, those who have achieved come first, but when everyone has reached the pinnacle of cultivation, they will change their minds and open up a new path.

In today's prehistoric world, the highest level of cultivation on the surface is nothing more than Da Luo Jinxian.

As for the realm after Da Luo Jinxian, no one can know.

Therefore, most creatures are working hard to improve their cultivation, and few people will think about other things.

What's more, the improvement of the physical state is not at all easy compared to the mana state, and it is even more difficult.

Don't look at Lin Long's Yuanshen realm is Da Luo Jinxian now, but his physical body is at most the level of Jinxian.

The physical body and the primordial spirit are two big realms behind!

What Lin Long has to do is to completely make up for this gap in realm and achieve synchronization.

In fact, in today's prehistoric times, this kind of practice is rare.

We are all innate beings with extraordinary heels. Even if we don't practice the physical body, the physical body will gradually become stronger, but it is very difficult to achieve the fit.

This is the case with innate creatures. Talent determines the lower limit of each creature's achievement, and at the same time locks the upper limit to a certain extent.

But Lin Long in front of him wanted to break through this limitation.

"It's no wonder that he can be named the new Dragon God by the Dragon Clan."

"With several top laws in hand, the realm can break through the Daluo Jinxian and achieve perfection at any time."

"Now it is even necessary to temper the physical body so that it can also reach the perfection of Da Luo Jinxian."

"Fellow Daoist Hongyun, I think I was too perfunctory with this one before."

"Maybe we can have a deeper friendship with Fellow Daoist Lin Long."

"I have a hunch that if Fellow Daoist Lin Long doesn't fall, he will be a great figure in the wild in the future, even the kind that you and I can't afford to climb."

Zhen Yuanzi and Hong Yun looked at each other, and they could see the intense shock in each other's eyes.

At the same time, Lin Long's physical body finally improved a little under the tempering of the huge spiritual energy.

The fleshy body swollen like a ball slowly shrank, and Lin Long also slowly opened his eyes.


		