

Old Gu can be seen from Changsheng's body when he was in the military camp, those companions who refused to relax a little even when they vomited blood.

But the purpose of those companions is very clear. Either working hard to survive on the battlefield, or wanting to stand out.

"No pain No gain."

This was what the centurion who led him used to say, and it was also the first literary and elegant sentence that old Gu came into contact with. So he was very impressed, and he did exactly that. It can be said that he was able to survive such a difficult battlefield at the beginning, and these words were a great encouragement to him.

Looking at Changsheng now, Old Gu couldn't help but recall the things he had seen in the military camp. Those were his green years. But before he had time to feel more emotional, Gu Xiaomei, who was driven back to see Changsheng who had fainted and was furious, looked straight at him!

Old Gu was a little guilty, but he soon regained his spirits.

"Didn't you go to the old man? Why are you coming back?"

As soon as he said this sentence, Old Gu felt that it was wrong, so he immediately welcomed the baptism of tears from his own little sister. When Gu Xiaomei cried, she didn't care about her image. When I was young, I cried and thought that someone would comfort me, so I called Lihua Daiyu when I cried, but now that I am in my teens, no one cares about face when I cry. She didn't sit on the ground and roll around because of her second brother's face!

In addition, she was indeed exhausted physically and mentally by the discord between the two elder brothers in the family. At this moment, the words are spit out like a cannonball!

"Do you think I want to take care of your crap? Don't I love my sister-in-law?! My sister-in-law was a famous beauty in ten miles and eight villages when she was young. Now she has become such a crazy look. You don't love her, but I still love me Sister-in-law! You two big men, your eyes are smaller than the nose of a needle. You are brothers for the same life. Is it interesting to always tell outsiders to read jokes like this? Ah?! Interesting? Gu Er Er! You will be honest with me today Say……"

Old Gu's face turned blue. With trembling hands, he wanted to smoke the pipe, but his little sister snatched even the stem of the pipe. He really had no choice but to say some words begging for mercy, but even so, Gu Xiaomei couldn't let him go.

She has been holding it back for many years, and seeing her sister-in-law's ignorant appearance just now, and being laughed at by so many people, she finally couldn't stand it anymore. It's not like taking advantage of this opportunity to explode out.

Old Gu Tou can be regarded as having learned how powerful his little sister is, and in the end he didn't even dare to say a word, so he could only listen to Gu Xiaomei's nagging with his hands down.

Changsheng was awakened by a burst of crying. She looked at Grandma Gu who was crying with tears streaming down her face, and then Grandpa Gu who was pale. She didn't know who instigated these two for a while. .

It's just that when old Gu saw Changsheng wake up, he felt as if he had met a savior, he was so excited.

"Changsheng, are you awake? Are you hungry? Is your head uncomfortable? Tell me if you feel uncomfortable..."

On the contrary, Gu Xiaomei was a little embarrassed when she saw Changsheng staring blankly at her with big eyes. She quickly withdrew her tears and looked at Changsheng with a smile.

"Changsheng, what's wrong with you? Say it out loud, don't be afraid. It's because your grandfather doesn't know the seriousness. How can you stand such a long time for such a small person?"

Old Gu was daring to be angry and dare not speak, he could only sigh and look at the sky outside the yard, but he couldn't help but look towards Changsheng from the corner of his eyes.

Changsheng was not a delicate child, she moved her hands and feet, and felt that there was no major problem, it was just a little sore.

So she shook her head seriously.

"I'm fine. Grandpa Gu was teaching me martial arts just now. Changsheng knows that practicing martial arts can strengthen your body. Grandpa Gu wants to make me stronger. Then, I can protect Grandpa Gu."

Gu Xiaomei was immediately moved to tears.

"Okay, ok, Changsheng is really a good boy. But why does Changsheng still call this old stubborn man Grandpa Gu? Call me Grandpa and listen?"

"Humph!"

Old Gu Tou snorted coldly, as if he wanted to say something, but Gu Xiaomei glanced at him, so he had to close his mouth, but his eyes would look at Changsheng from time to time, which seemed to be an answer that attached great importance to Changsheng.

Taking a look at Grandpa Gu, he found that he had no intention of refusing, Chang Sheng shouted out very smoothly, still a little excited in his heart. Since Grandpa Gu didn't reject him, does he also want to be his granddaughter?

"grandfather!"

This sound was not very crisp, but Gu Xiaomei listened very comfortably. The same goes for Old Gu. He has been lonely and helpless for half his life, and besides Gu Xiaomei, there is no one to greet him. But at this moment, there is a little guy who is willing to call himself grandpa affectionately, which really makes him feel a little emotional.

So, from this day on, Changsheng became the granddaughter of Old Gu who turned his eyes and closed his eyes.

After another two months, Changsheng's injury has completely healed. Except for the three scars on the face that occasionally ooze blood, the other wounds have healed, leaving only some unsightly scars. This caused Gu Xiaomei to sigh again, but Old Gu didn't mind.

"A martial arts practitioner, who doesn't have any scars on his body? If we in the army are as white as a little girl, won't we be laughed to death by others?!"

"You also said that you are a member of the army, and you don't need to fight for a long life. With so many scars on your body, how can you marry in the future?"

"I will never marry for a lifetime."

In fact, if someone is willing to communicate with Changsheng sincerely, they will find that she is just slower than others, and she is not a fool. Hearing the words of the two old men at this moment, Chang Sheng, who was walking on a horse, raised a small face and answered seriously.

"I don't want to get married for a long life, I want to take care of my grandpa for a long life, where is the time to get married?"

"puff!"

Gu Xiaomei couldn't help but smiled gratifiedly, but felt that it was really funny, so she continued to give Changsheng the shoe mat with a smile.

"How can a girl not marry? Just kidding..."

Seeing that Grandma Gu didn't believe him, Changsheng pursed his lips and continued to stride forward. Anyway, Grandma Gu will believe what he said in the future.

On the contrary, Old Gu felt a little uncomfortable, and more of an anger at being underestimated.

"Why do I need you to raise me? I'm so tough, it's possible to live for another few decades! But you little guy, don't worry about getting married! Even if you really can't get married, I will take care of you."

"You two..."

Gu Xiaomei laughed so hard that she couldn't close her mouth from ear to ear.

The sun was very bright at the moment, Gu Xiaomei felt a little tired after laughing for a while, so she leaned on the chair and fell asleep slowly. Although she didn't feel it herself, Old Gu said that she has made progress, it's good that she has made progress, then at least she is not a waste! She has to work harder.


		