

Yu Qiuqu was so excited that he almost lost his voice, he got up and rushed out, how could he remember his usual dignified and elegant at this moment? The maids behind her could hardly keep up with her pace.

She got up too quickly, and Chang Sheng, who was standing beside her, was taken around. Because of his small stature, he staggered and almost fell down. Changsheng stretched out his hand subconsciously, but no one cared about her, everyone went out excitedly to see the young master who might come back.

Chang Sheng's outstretched hand froze in mid-air, and after a long while, he slowly got up, looking at his bruised little finger and sighing like a little adult.

"Don't be in pain, I'll find some plaster and apply it later, maybe it will be fine soon."

So comforting herself, Changsheng walked out in small steps, and Chunfang, who was anxiously stretching her neck outside, was relieved when she saw Changsheng. As soon as he grabbed her hand, he was about to run forward.

"hiss……"

Changsheng took a small breath, and Chunfang grabbed her injured finger, which hurt even more now.

"Hurry up, miss, let's go and see if the young master is back, it is said that he is a fairy..."

"Chunfang, go by yourself. I have something else to do."

Chunfang murmured, "What big things can a little person do?" while heaving a sigh of relief, leaving Changsheng behind and running faster.

Changsheng didn't care, she walked slowly back to the rockery just now, and she didn't meet anyone along the way, probably because she knew that there was an immortal coming ahead, so she went to watch the fun.

Although everyone likes immortals very much, Changsheng doesn't feel very good about them. It's not because those people will look at him with dirty eyes, but because Changsheng feels uncomfortable when he sees those immortals.

But Changsheng didn't tell anyone. Because everyone will only think that she is talking nonsense, and maybe they will blame her. Changsheng has already experienced this kind of thing, so he won't be blamed for it anymore.

She returned to the small cave and found that the ants were still busy carrying things, and the pastry crumbs on the ground were almost empty.

It's just that when passing the big rock, this group of clever ants has learned to detour, and the speed is much faster.

"You are so smart, can you teach me and make me smarter, so that no one will dislike me..."

When Changsheng lived his own little life, Yu Qiuqu had already rushed to the front yard, but was disappointed to find that his son still hadn't come back. In fact, she should have gotten used to it a long time ago. After all, her son has never been back since he was taken away by the fairy elders.

It's just inevitable to be disappointed.

At this moment, some of the Yu family's guests still hadn't left. Looking at the line of immortals in fluttering white clothes, their eyes were full of envy.

Look at his bearing, no wonder he is a fairy. Just looking at this airy attitude of being independent from the world, other people can't even catch up with the flattery.

At this moment, those monks from the Shanghuan Sect smiled vaguely at the mortals who were eager to cling to them.

Aren't the mortals who come here to give gifts for the sake of the connection between the Yu family and the cultivators? Seeing the real person now, he was even more excited, and rushed to talk to the other person. But the immortal is so arrogant, he has no interest in these mortals who don't even have spiritual roots, and most of the time he just smiles and doesn't say a word.

Those mortals gradually understood what the immortals meant, and they didn't dare to disturb these busy immortals after they were bored, so they left one after another.

In a short while, only the Yu family and the immortals who came to celebrate were left in the entire Yu family.

Although Yu Qiuqu was disappointed, the immortals who came before had explained to them that immortals have other reasons, so he didn't feel particularly uncomfortable at the moment. It's just that when their family invited these face-to-face immortals to sit on the throne, they refused.

The leading male cultivator looked around and frowned slightly.

"I remember, you still have a daughter? Why don't you see her?"

This is the first time the immortals of Shang Huanzong mentioned longevity, and it was as if there was no such person before. Master Yu and Yu Qiuqu didn't think anything was wrong, but Fang Jianling frowned. After all, he has read a lot of books, and he actually knows that Shang Huanzong's actions over the years are to distance themselves from them. For the sake of his son's future, he kept silent before, but that doesn't mean he was stupid. Fang Jianling subconsciously felt that something was wrong.

So he spoke first.

"My little girl is naughty. I don't know which tree hole room I'm playing in at the moment. I wonder if all the immortals can enlighten me?"

The monks looked at each other, and the one who had just spoken smiled at this moment.

"I think the three of you already know that Xianfan has other reasons. What I'm going to say next is very important. I'd better bring Miss Your Mansion here."

Although Master Yu and Yu Qiuqu were surprised, they had no objection, but seeing Ling take the first step, he spoke with a smile.

"I know, but that child is naughty, I'm afraid others won't find it for a while. Why don't I go find it."

Those immortals naturally had no objection, so Fang Jianling went out with a smile, and when he was out of the sight of the immortals, Fang Jianling's speed became faster and faster! Almost galloping to the end!

If the Yu family wanted to say that they were the most transparent people, they would have to meet Ling in several places.

His bad premonition is getting stronger and stronger at the moment, urging him to hurry up and find his daughter. On the way, he summoned a maid at random and asked her to find the coachman.

Immediately, Fang Jianling found Changsheng after spending a little time, and then hugged her up.

Changsheng stared blankly at his father, almost thinking that he was delusional. She likes to hide in every corner of the house, not because she likes to hide and seek, but because she hopes that at some point, grandpa and parents can find her out of the corner, just like ordinary people, when they find their children are missing, they will come out to look for them .

However, at this time Fang Jianling didn't have much time to talk to Changsheng, he hugged the child tightly and walked towards the back door, the speed was so fast that Changsheng who was on his chest could almost hear his increasingly violent heartbeat.

"Daddy, daddy?"

Hearing her daughter's bewildered call, Fang Jianling's eyes ached, but he quickly forced himself to hold back and tried to speed up. As he walked, he comforted the poor child.

"Changsheng, be obedient, don't ask too many questions, follow Mr. Ma obediently later, and listen to his words... I just hope it's my petty heart."

Changsheng was very obedient, seeing that Fang Jianling had already walked through the second door with the child in his arms, his eyes showed a slight sense of relief, but at this moment, a chuckle sounded, and a disdainful voice sounded close at hand.

"Mr. Fang, where are you going?"


		