

Seeing that his sister didn't believe it, old Gu Tou also became interested. He waved his hand, which seemed to reprimand Fang Qiu.

"You don't doubt it until you see it with your own eyes. I saw it with my own eyes, can it be fake? That fairy waved his hand and shot his foot, and thousands of opponents were wiped out! In that battle, fighting It was a smooth ride! We hardly lost any manpower!"

"Those swords, guns, swords and halberds from the enemy country couldn't even touch the corner of the fairy's clothes, and they shattered immediately. Occasionally, there were arrows that could fly past, but they could only pass by the corner of the fairy's clothes. If you want to hurt the fairy ? Hey! In the next life! I have never seen immortals injured, so this little thing is an immortal? Don’t be kidding, you say I look a little bit better.”

Gu Xiaomei has lived in Gujia Village and neighboring villages all her life, and has never been to the outside world at all. Now, listening to her second brother's description, she looks fascinated.

It turns out that there are such powerful people out there! It's a pity that she didn't know anything about it before. Gu Xiaomei wanted to continue asking, but when she opened her mouth, it seemed as if they were stuck together, and she couldn't ask.

Seeing his little sister like this, old Gu Tou secretly sighed. He had been out as a soldier for so many years, and only when he got home did he realize that everything had changed. My younger sister is also severely restrained by her mother. She is now a grandmother, and she still has a little bit of hands and feet when she talks and does things.

Old Gu Tou was smoking his pipe, and suddenly he began to tease Gu Xiaomei.

"You don't say you are an urn now?"

This is what Gu Xiaomei murmured when she was sick, and old Gu has memorized it for so many years, and now he still uses it as a joke.

"Go, go, go! What urn? I'm doing well now, that's called a honey pot!"

Gu Xiaomei pushed her second brother angrily, and was about to ask about the fairy tale, but heard more and more commotion outside.

The two looked at each other, what was the noise outside? Why are there so many voices? And getting closer?

Old Gu suddenly realized something, his face darkened, he quickly got up and limped out. Gu Xiaomei hurried to follow, but she saw Chang Sheng rubbed his eyes and woke up. After thinking about it, I had to take Changsheng out together.

Chang Sheng had slept comfortably with the harmonious voices of two elderly people beside her, but unexpectedly, a loud noise woke her up quickly.

Following Gu Xiaomei out of the yard, Chang Sheng saw a large group of people within a few steps towards the center of the village. These people were crowded together, surrounded by three floors and three floors outside. Changsheng couldn't see where Grandpa Gu was.

"What are you doing? What are you doing out there?! You don't think it's messy enough, do you?"

"Boss, what did you say? Apologize to your second uncle!"

"I don't apologize! If it wasn't for him, I..."

"Snapped!"

After a crisp sound, the crowd seemed to be silent. Before Changsheng knew what happened, Grandma Gu walked in quickly, with a very ugly expression on her face.

Changsheng looked left and right, but didn't recognize him, so he sneaked in lightly relying on his small stature. After entering, the first thing I saw was a kind old lady sitting on the ground in a bit of a mess. She looked at the scene in front of her blankly, as if she didn't know what happened. Grandpa Gu stood in front of her and got into a stalemate with a group of people.

Changsheng heard Grandpa Gu's cold voice, which was also full of strong sarcasm.

"Say it! Why don't you let him talk? Let him explain what happened to me? Boss, do you dare to let him talk?"

"Second brother, you are crazy!"

Gu Xiaomei pushed Old Gu's head hard, stood between the two groups of people, and did not allow relatives to say anything that would hinder the family relationship.

"And you too! You are a nephew, do you know what a nephew is? You have to call second brother second uncle! Is this how you talk to elders?!"

The strong man who was severely slapped by his father looked at his aunt with some grievances, then at his father who kept coughing and his delirious old lady, he felt that no one could understand him, and his face was full of pain. It's blue.

Only then did Gu Xiaomei breathe a sigh of relief. She interceded in a soft voice. It can be said that the children of Mrs. Gu were brought up by Gu Xiaomei when she was not married. She trusted her very much and could not listen to anyone. Gu Xiaomei will not ignore what she says.

Changsheng couldn't understand what the adults were doing. Seeing that no one was paying attention to the old lady sitting on the ground for the time being, she squatted down and was just at eye level with the old lady.

"what are you doing?"

Chang Sheng spoke quietly in a breathy voice, afraid that others would hear, and carefully covered his mouth tightly after he finished speaking.

Seeing this, the old woman's eyes lit up, she tightly covered her mouth, and told Changsheng quietly.

"I'm out looking for something."

"What are you looking for?"

"I'm looking for, I'm looking for something very important, something very beautiful..."

"What the hell is that?"

Changsheng has also seen many beautiful things, especially the jewelry box of the mother, which contains many shiny things, which looks very beautiful. They were given to my mother by my father and grandfather, and she has many. In fact, Changsheng also likes those shiny things, but no one gave them to her, so she can only find some beautiful stones to play with.

So when he heard that the old lady was looking for a very beautiful thing, Changsheng subconsciously thought it was jewelry.

But the grandma thought about it, but couldn't remember it. She just remembered that she was looking for something very important and beautiful and would be very sad if it disappeared. But I can't remember what to look for.

"Looks like a long, shiny..."

"And then?"

Changsheng felt that the old lady in front of him looked a bit like himself, so he wanted to help her. But before the old grandma finished speaking, she was picked up by the strong man and taken away.

"Ah, whoa whoa, no..."

The old lady yelled a few times in the direction of Changsheng, but no one could understand what she was babbling. Only a few spectators around pointed at the old woman and Chang Sheng.

"Look, I told you a long time ago. If you still don't believe me, you just saw it? Let me tell you, this happens every few days. No wonder the Gu family is angry. The old man on his head all..."

"If you have so much free time, why don't you go and plow the one-third of an acre of land in your house? Grass grows on the barren land. I think the grass grows deeper than you."

Old Gu looked at the two gossiping women, and said with a sneer. As the well-known stubborn head of the Gu family village, he had been a soldier outside for so many years, and it would be called a murderer without blood when he hurt someone. But with just a few words, the two women covered their faces in anger and ran away quickly.

Looking at the backs of them running away, Old Gu Tou sneered and kicked the long-lived shoes that were squatting.

"I've gone back, and I'm waiting for the sky to make cornbread?"


		