

"Understand?"

Seeing that Chang Sheng didn't say a word, Old Gu couldn't help but repeat it. This little girl can't even understand the words, can she?

At this time, Changsheng finally got the relationship in Old Gu's words, she leaned softly on the head of the bed, and stared at Old Gu in a daze.

"But, I don't have a grandmother. Mother said that my grandmother died when she was born."


Old Gu was choked for a while, and stared at Changsheng with some unkind eyes.

"Where did you come from without your grandmother? Don't talk nonsense, just do what I say."

"……Oh."

Changsheng is a very persuasive child, the specific manifestation is that when he saw the unfriendly expression of the old Gu Tou, he nodded obediently and agreed to his request.

Only then did Old Gu heaved a sigh of relief. Although this little thing has just woken up, he always feels that he is not very compatible with him. Otherwise, how could it make him feel like he was choking on something in his chest after just two words? I can't spit out fast.

After tidying up the medicine bowl, he handed Chang Sheng a piece of steamed bread that didn’t look very good. Seeing that she tried hard to eat a few mouthfuls but couldn’t take it anymore, Old Gu took it and fed her water, muttering He said some coquettish words, and then asked a question.

"When did you bandage this wound? The method is very ugly."

"Changsheng wrapped it under the water. If you don't wrap it up, big rats will bite Changsheng. It hurts."

Old Gu's fingers trembled slightly. Before that, he just bandaged Changsheng briefly. After all, Changsheng was a girl, and he was planning to go to the village to find a woman with a good temper and a strict mouth to change Changsheng's clothes and see if there were any other wounds.

He knew that the little guy might have suffered a lot, but he couldn't help being silent for a moment when he actually heard it. Then he spoke in a disguising gruff voice.

"That's too ugly. I'll show you what bandaging is. It must be much prettier than yours!"

"Oh."

Changsheng didn't care much about this dispute, she was a little tired now, and couldn't help but close her eyes. Old Gu took a step forward to lay her down, saw Chang Sheng was so sleepy but refused to close his eyes, he rudely told her to sleep.

"I'm so sleepy, what's the point of holding on? Close your eyes quickly!"

Changsheng closed it obediently, but opened it again at the moment when he was about to fall asleep. Just before Lao Gutou was about to speak, Changsheng couldn't help stretching out his slender arm, and touched it with his little fleshy hand. Grab Old Gu's arm.

What's going on here?

When Old Gu was puzzled, Changsheng spoke softly.

"Grandpa, are you real?"

At this moment, the old man who had been stubborn for a lifetime was going to be stronger for the rest of his life, because the old Gu Tou, who was never sad when he was told openly and secretly by the villagers, suddenly felt his nose sore. It's a shame.

The tears came strangely. They obviously don't know each other, so why do they feel sad because of this little one? Must have been blinded by the wind! Alas, this crappy house will have to be overhauled in a few days, otherwise can we live in it?

"Of course I'm real! Could it be that you're still a ghost? Otherwise, where did you get the corn bread? That's enough, hurry up and sleep, don't talk nonsense!"

Changsheng nodded obediently, then slowly closed his eyes, and fell asleep, but when he fell asleep, he was still holding the corner of Old Gu Tou's clothes.

"This unlucky child is restless when he falls asleep."

After thinking about it, Old Gu stuffed Chang Sheng with a corner of the quilt, asked her to pull it by himself, and walked out quickly by himself. But before he had gone far, there was a sound of footsteps, and he came back again.

Cursing in a low voice, he took a quilt and piled it on the side of the bed that was not against the wall. Visually guessing that the injured Changsheng would not be able to turn over, Old Gu walked away quickly.

He usually walked slowly because he didn't want people to see his lame leg, so he couldn't care less now. Old Gu was also lucky. He hadn't walked a few steps, and before he reached the middle of the village, he saw a familiar figure head on. It was Gu Xiaomei, the younger sister of the old Gu Tou and his mother.

"Second brother? Why are you running so fast?"

When Gu Xiaomei was young, she married and went to the next village, but occasionally she would come back to visit her relatives. For example, at this moment, she is here to see her stubborn second brother.

She has always wanted old Gu to live in her house. The location at the end of the Gu family village is too remote, and it is next to the mountain. Who knows if there are any wild animals on the mountain? She is worried. Anyway, her man is already dead, and now she is the master of the family, and her son and daughter-in-law won't say anything. But the second brother was very stubborn and refused to agree. No, that's why she often visits Old Gu. Lest he starve to death and no one knows.

Unexpectedly, when they met this time, they found that their second brother, who was walking slowly for the sake of face, actually walked very fast? ! Is she dazzled?

It is impossible to be dazzled, and Gu Xiaomei is only in her late 40s now, and it is still too early to be dizzy. But when Old Gu saw his little sister, he felt saved.

He hurried forward a few steps and asked Gu Xiaomei to follow him.

Gu Xiaomei also wondered what happened to her second brother, but as soon as she entered the door, she saw a skinny little girl lying on the bed with a pale complexion, she was shocked!

"Oh my god, what's the matter? Who is this little girl? Why does she look so ugly?"

Old Gu sighed and told his sister to keep her voice down. The child fell asleep with difficulty, and it took a while to fall asleep again when he was awakened again.

Gu Xiaomei quickly shut up, and carefully lifted the quilt to see that the poor child still has so many scars! Suddenly tears of distress came out. She is already a grandmother, so she naturally has her own little grandchildren, so she puts this wound on her own grandchildren...

When she thought about it, she was so distressed that she could hardly speak.

God is so pitiful, such a young child, who kills a thousand knives with such a heavy hand? Can't you have no children?

Gu Xiaomei drove her second brother out, shed tears while scrubbing Changsheng's wound, and changed into clothes that her second brother didn't wear. She was dexterous and finished it in a short while. When she came out with the basin, her eyes were still red.

"Second brother, where did you pick up the child? I haven't heard of anyone losing their child in these ten miles and eight villages."

Old Gu took a puff of his dry cigarette, his wrinkled face was full of sorrow.

He told Gu Xiaomei about finding Changsheng one by one, and he didn't forget to tell her not to spread it indiscriminately.

"A female doll, if others know that she was injured by a sword, the villagers don't know how to arrange it, so just explain it as I said before."

Words are scary.

In this world, people's tongue is a knife that can kill, so we have to guard against it. It's better to be dismissed as a girl than to not know the ins and outs.


		