

"father……"

Holding that bloody head, Yu Qiuqu's eyes almost shed blood and tears, even though this head was bloody, how could she be afraid of her father? This is the person who raised her...

However, no matter how sad Yu Qiuqu was, he was nothing in the eyes of those lofty immortals. After all, how can you empathize with the pain of others if it has not happened to you?

"Gu Yuan, why don't you make a move? Don't make me urge you!"

The leading disciple of the Shanghuan Sect seemed to be smiling, but in fact he was hiding murderous intentions. Gu Yuan took a deep breath, and swung his sword at Yu Qiuqu.

At such a time, Yu Qiuqu, who is a mortal, could only watch the sword light flash by. It was very painful, but the person in front of her who kept vomiting blood made her even more heartbroken.

"Husband..."

Blood overflowed from the corner of Yu Qiuqu's mouth, and her beautiful face was full of sadness. Because the one standing in front of her at this time is her beloved husband.

"puff!"

Fang saw that Ling vomited a big mouthful of blood. He was already weak, but now his thin chest was pierced by the spirit sword, and the blade penetrated his body, and then pierced Yu Qiuqu. Suffering this mortal injury, Fang Jianling knew that the two of them were not going to make it, so he moved his hands, enduring severe pain and hugging his wife tightly.

He originally wanted to block this fatal blow for his wife, but he didn't expect that until the end, he was so useless that he couldn't even block this sword. But fortunately, he will die before his wife, so that he won't be useless to the end. Fang Jianling has always been worried about his weakness, but marrying Yu Qiuqu as his wife is the happiest thing in his life.

In the phantom before he died, he seemed to see the girl who smiled shyly at him holding a rabbit lantern at the Lantern Festival.

Fang Jian Ling attached to his wife's ear, whispering softly with his last strength.

"When you smiled under the lamp, my heart trembled..."

"Qiu Qu, don't be afraid."

Life and death are in agreement with each other, and they talk with Zicheng.

When Yu Qiuqu was dying, there was a hint of happiness in her eyes. She put her head on her husband's shoulder nostalgicly, and slowly swallowed her last breath. She is not afraid, she has never been afraid.

"Pfft."

Withdrawing the spirit sword, Gu Yuan hardly dared to look up. The couple in front of them had both died at this time, but they still hugged each other tightly and supported each other. In the blurry reflection of the lake on one side, it seems that they are still a pair of gods and couples, mandarin ducks and ducks.

"Father? Mother?"

At this moment, a hoarse child's voice broke the rare tranquility. Changsheng recovered from his own world, looked at the parents in front of him who were clearly embracing each other with a smile on their lips but no longer answered, a hint of deep puzzlement appeared in his clear eyes.

Why didn't they talk?

Changsheng was originally slower than others, and at this moment, he could hardly understand what happened. She crawled over in a daze, tugging at the corners of her parents' clothes, and didn't even know how to cry.

Suddenly the sword light flashed, and Chang Sheng raised his head blankly to look at the male cultivator who lowered his head as if he didn't dare to look at him. His eyes followed his hand and saw a gleaming silver sword, the tip of which had already sunk into his chest.

The sharp pain broke out suddenly at this moment, Changsheng coughed, and a large amount of blood gushed out from the small body, almost staining the clothes on his body. Ah, the clothes are dirty again, what should I do? Will Chunfang be very angry? But she didn't mean it, she didn't get dirty this time, the clothes turned red by themselves, no, it wasn't her...

Gu Yuan looked at the little girl in front of her in pain who seemed to be reaching out to grab her, the hand holding the sword was trembling. Looking at this innocent little girl, he seemed to see his equally innocent sister. His sister is only seven years old this year. If he does what these people say, his sister will suffer more than death. So for her, I can only do this! Even if it's against my heart.

Slowly pulling out the spirit sword, watching the little figure twitch for a while, and then gradually disappearing, Gu Yuan only felt that his soul seemed to be taken away.

"Hahaha……"

"You did a good job. You are indeed the most promising disciple of the Outer Sect... Now, kill everyone in this mansion."

Gu Yuan had completely lost himself at this time, he raised his sword mechanically, chasing and killing those mortals who couldn't escape because of the barrier. Why are there so many mortals here? It seems that killing can't be finished. Didn't these mortals leave before?

The sound of the sword cutting through flesh and blood is actually no stranger to Gu Yuan, what makes him feel strange is himself.

"Don't kill me don't kill me! I'm just a maid. I don't know anything, I don't know anything..."

Chunfang knelt on the ground and kowtowed continuously, surrounded by other servants who were doing the same movements as her. They have no idea why these lofty immortals suddenly attacked them, obviously they didn't do anything? Obviously they did nothing wrong, but at the critical moment of life and death, they could only kneel on the ground and kowtow.

But Gu Yuan didn't stop fighting, the whole Yu Mansion, 372 people including the master, all died under his sword. Including the coachman surnamed Ma recruited by Fang Jianling, he is just a martial artist who has not even entered the Tao. Killing him is just a waste of a sword. But the coachman surnamed Ma cared about the life and death of the owner of the family until his death, and he could even be said to have rushed here. It's a pity that this kind of loyalty is nothing in front of absolute power.

When the last old woman who screamed and begged for mercy died, Gu Yuan took a breath, his body was covered with blood.

"Bang!"

After setting the entire Yu family on fire, he came to the corpses of the four members of the Yu family and threw down the spirit sword in his hand. Without the permission of these people, he could not even kill himself.

"Wait."

What are you waiting for?

Gu Yuan was at a loss, waiting for someone to kill him?

The next moment, a flash of light flashed, and a child with red lips and white eyebrows lined up with three red moles appeared in the cloud. Although he was young, he was born with Su Hui, and his eyes were so steady that he hardly looked like a child. Even if you see yourself being killed all over the family, it is still a solemn treasure.

"You killed them?"

Gu Yuan felt that he was crazy at this time, otherwise how could he meet the legendary master uncle? But he couldn't tell the difference between the situation and the scene.

The little boy closed his eyes slightly, a tiny bit of grief flashed in his eyes, and then he waved his hand lightly, a palm wind hit Gu Yuan hard, Gu Yuan didn't even close his eyes, his whole body was instantly torn apart, and he didn't even have a chance to resist also no. But before he died, he saw the unbelievable face of the monk who had been forcing him to be torn apart, flashed a short smile, and then became unconscious again.

I don't know whether it was intentional or unintentional, the palm wind swept across Chang Sheng who fell on the ground, a stream of blood splashed out of the little Chang Sheng's face, and the huge force knocked her out, rolled her several times, and finally her upper body drooped In the lake, but such a big movement, she did not have the slightest reaction.

At this time, the fire had spread to this place, and the boy quietly watched the mansion that was quickly engulfed by the flames, including the corpses that had not moved at all. After a long while, he sighed, turned around and disappeared.

Ashes to dust, dust to dust. Flesh and blood returned to the earth, this is probably their best ending.

The raging fire engulfed everything, and the green grass beside the lake was also dried and burned, but the originally soft soil slowly became brittle at this time, gradually collapsed, and was swallowed by the lake.

With a "plop", tiny ripples appeared on the surface of the water. The ripples became farther and farther away, and were swallowed by the vortex in the lake and disappeared.


		