

As soon as Fang Jianling heard this voice, Fang Jianling's heart trembled violently. All the previous speculations were confirmed at this moment. Why did the disciples of the Shanghuan sect send gifts to different people every time? They all went out to meet...

When Fang Jianling thought of the young son who was far away from the side of Shang Huanzong that he hadn't seen since he was born, his heart throbbed with pain. Linghua, Linghua...

Do you know all this?

But he still forced himself to steady himself. Fang Jianling even turned around with a smile and looked at the aloof disciple of the Shanghuan Sect, with a gentle expression on his face.

"Why did the immortals come here? I just found the naughty Changsheng, and I was about to take her to find you guys. Is it our fault that the immortals have been waiting for so long..."

However, all Fang Jianling's coquettish words were wiped out when the blood-stained body was dropped by the fairy who waved his hand casually.

"Qiu Qu! Father!"

Seeing Ling rushing towards him with trembling hands, looking at the dying Yu Qiuqu and Master Yu, his lips were so trembling that he couldn't speak. But it was only for a short while, and his wife and father-in-law's chest was sunken, and blood was continuously gushing out from their eyes, ears, mouth and nose.

Putting trembling hands under Yu Qiuqu's nasal cavity, Fang Jianling took a deep breath as if waking up from a dream until he felt a slight breath of breeze. He was already weak, but now his face was extremely pale under great joy and sorrow, and he looked even more pitiful than Yu Qiuqu and Master Yu.

"Cough cough cough..."

There was a series of coughing sounds. Master Yu's body has always been the best among the three. Now he woke up from a coma and was terrified to protect his daughter and son-in-law. Seriously injured their Shanghuan sect disciple.

Although Master Yu is not a monk, he is not a fool. These Shang Huan sect disciples hurt them just now with a deadly hand. Now he will never suspect that the other party is joking with them.

But why? Did something happen to Linghua? !

"What happened to Linghua?"

"Ah."

The ultimate ridicule appeared on the face of the leading Shang Huanzong disciple, and he looked down at the family of four. Could such a group of lowly mortals be the family of Master Linghua's uncle? They will just be stains! Dirty stains on the body of the pure white flawless master uncle! But fortunately, such stains are not impossible to erase.

He smiled, and beckoned out a young man with a gloomy face.

"Gu Yuan, it's your turn."

The monk named Gu Yuan looked at the terrified family underneath, especially the little girl staring at him with innocent eyes, the hand holding the sword trembled slightly, and the eyes could not help but shift their direction. .

The leading Shanghuan Sect disciple sneered at this moment.

"Why are you pretending to be innocent when you're here? Could it be that I did the two punches just now? Hurry up, you don't want your younger sister to go astray at such a young age, do you?"

Shameless!

Gu Yuan really wanted to use his spirit sword to poke a few holes in this man's body, but thinking of his innocent sister, he could only forcefully hold back.

"Aren't you afraid of being punished by God for doing this?"

"Hey! Are you a fool? Immortal cultivators are fighting for fate? We are about to be punished by the heavens, so what are we afraid of? Don't cultivate immortals if you are afraid of death! That's enough, stop talking nonsense and hurry up!"

Fang Jianling listened to this little dispute at this time, and kept looking for a way to save himself, but he was full of thoughts, but found in despair that, as mortals, they were not at all under this situation. A way to save yourself! He could only try his best to hug his wife, daughter and father tightly, with despair flashing in his eyes.

Because of the support of two men who love her the most, Yu Qiuqu has always been ignorant of the world, but at this moment she suddenly cleared the fog in front of her eyes and understood something.

"Jian Ling, yes, is it because of that child?"

Before he could say these words, Yu Qiuqu felt an uncontrollable trembling accompanied by severe pain all over his body. how can that be possible? That's her child! Thinking of the terrible reason, Yu Qiuqu wished that she had never been so smart. She would rather die in a daze than know the cruel truth.

Cut the dust...

Cut off all the ties of the world, get rid of all causes and effects, gain freedom, and cultivate the supreme way.

Seeing her husband's dodging eyes, Yu Qiuqu almost collapsed. But in the blink of an eye, she saw the ignorant Chang Sheng, and her heart felt even more sour. She is not afraid of the death of a close relative. But what she was afraid of was that the one who wanted them to die was their close relatives.

Even if she is not an immortal cultivator, she still knows that Shang Huanzong became the largest sect in Shengyuan Great World because of Linghua's leap. Against. So the situation now...

"Stab, sting."

The monk named Gu Yuan dragged the long sword on the ground and walked on the ground. It seemed that he couldn't bear it or because of other reasons, his pace was not fast.

Yu Qiuqu didn't dare to think anymore, she covered Changsheng's ignorant eyes with trembling hands, her heart was like catkins in the wind, swaying to nowhere. It would be fine if only they died, but what about longevity? Changsheng is only so young, she doesn't know anything at all!

"Qiu Qu sees Ling, listen to me."

At this time, Master Yu slowly squatted up. All these years of pampering seemed to disappear in an instant. He was like an old beast. Even if he knew how to stop a car with his arms, he would fight to the death for his child! No one is not afraid of death, but there is always something more important than death!

Master Yu gave the children a hard push, and threw himself out without hesitation, with his arms outstretched and his eyes wide open, like an aging lion, roaring!

"run!"

run! Run to the door! Just run out! There is a possibility of being alive! run!

When Master Yu's head fell to the ground with a thud, there was only one thought in his mind, to block these people and give his children time to escape!

However, how can a mortal compare to a cultivator? That Gu Yuan just waved his long sword, and Master Yu's head fell to the ground before he touched him! But at this moment, Yu Qiuqu saw that Ling didn't even have time to get up!

"father--"

A handful of hot blood was thrown down, and some of it even landed on the corner of Yu Qiuqu's skirt, staining her eyes blood red! She had never met her own mother in her life. All these years, Master Yu worked hard to raise her, find a good husband for her, and take care of her all the way up. But such a good father died in such a miserable way in front of her eyes!

Yu Qiuqu couldn't care about anything else, she rushed over and hugged her father's bloody head that was bristling with anger, and her hot tears hit the ground, forming a series of tiny craters.

"Dad! Dad—"

No matter how Yu Qiuqu shouted, even if his throat was vomiting blood, Master Yu couldn't hear him anymore.

"Raising a child is one hundred years old, and worrying about ninety-nine years. You, even if you live to one hundred and one, you will still be my most precious daughter. No, I have to work hard to live a few more years. I would rather go behind you than I won't let you cry. The feeling of crying is not good. On the day your mother left, I almost cried and blinded my eyes. At that time, I made such a decision. I will never let you cry in this life..."

Dad, you broke your promise.


		