

It was Old Gu, who watched his little sister fall asleep while sitting on a chair, a trace of worry flickered in his eyes. When he left home, Gu Xiaomei was still young, and his mother didn't value his two biological children at all. Coupled with the patriarchal thinking that some villagers often have, she didn't know how to educate her. In short, he was still at home. At that time, the younger sister was still a little lively, but when he came back, he found that the younger sister had become a completely taciturn woman. No matter how well she was doing, she would not say a word no matter how she asked.

Although it is said that a woman's life after marriage may not be as good as when she was in her mother's house, but sometimes old Gu can't tell whether the little girl is better off in her mother's house or her in-law's house.

That taciturn and silent appearance was praised by the old people in the village. What to say, this is what a wife and daughter-in-law should look like. Tell yourself to scold me well, and scold people away.

If it's that good, why don't those old bastards do the same thing themselves?

It was also after I came back that I often went to the little sister's house for a walk, to frighten me for a while, and Gu Xiaomei's temperament recovered a little bit. Of course, this is another reason why Old Gu is dissatisfied with Boss Gu. The younger sister of the two, he knew that Gu Xiaomei's temperament was not like this, but he didn't even think that there was anything wrong. After reading the books of those years in vain, the etiquette, justice, shame, wisdom, and wisdom have all been read in the stomach of a dog!

It's just that after so many years in the past, Gu Xiaomei was born less than a month old, her health is not very good, and she has given birth to a few more, that is, in the past few years, she has just gotten better. After all, the bones of his body are a bit damaged. It seems that he has to get some wild animals for the little sister to make up for his body. Speaking of which, since I picked up Changsheng, I never went to the mountain again. Now that Changsheng's body is getting better and better, it is better to choose a day than to hit the sun, and it is better to go to the mountain to have a look.

Just after these few months, the wild animals on the mountain have almost grown.

After making up his mind, it happened that Old Gu still wanted to see Changsheng's character, so early the next morning, the old and the young went up the mountain together.

Chang Sheng hadn't been up the mountain since he came to Gu's Village, and now he was following Old Gu, stepping deep and shallow, his eyes full of curiosity.

In the early morning, there was a thin layer of mist in the mountains, and it seemed to be shrouded in clouds and mist, but Old Gu was very familiar with every plant and tree on the mountain. He lived alone at the foot of the mountain for so long, and what he relied on was nothing but this mountain.

Old Gu wanted to teach Changsheng some things, so when he set up traps, he asked her to observe carefully, and from time to time he asked Changsheng to answer his own questions in a vicious voice, and if he couldn't answer, he would be scolded.

"Why did I tie the rope like this? Why can't there be sharp wood in this pit? What? Why can't I even answer such a simple question? Of course it is because this is the path for the villagers of Gujia Village to go up the mountain. What should I do if I step on it carefully? Of course, tie it into a dead knot to prevent the prey from escaping!"

In a short time, Changsheng was scolded more than a dozen times!

"call……"

Changsheng didn't feel what was wrong, but Old Gu couldn't take it anymore.

He took a few deep breaths, stroked his messy hair, and deeply felt that he might be more than three years old in just such a short time. Old Gu had reason to suspect that Chang Sheng did it on purpose, but when he saw Chang Sheng's shining eyes, he couldn't help being defeated.

Forget it, it seems she didn't do it on purpose.

Otherwise, it is good for the children to be their own. Even if Chang Chang doesn't look good, but since he has recognized his relatives, he is his own cub. So in Old Gu's eyes, he was quite cute.

"Anyway, try tying the rope."

Changsheng has no opinion at all. She loves trying new things, but no one cared about her feelings before. Naturally, no one would think of taking the initiative to take her to know new things.

Step forward and squat down on the wet ground. The air in the mountains has a faint earthy smell, and the ground under his feet is covered with a layer of leaves, mixed with a damp and rotten smell, but these are not enough to distract Changsheng. Maybe it's because he has been playing alone for a long time. When Changsheng is doing something, he can often devote himself wholeheartedly to it. For example, at this moment, even though the mosquitoes in the mountains bit her face, and the wet soil under her body soaked into her clothes, her eyes were still focused on the untamable rope in her hand.

This rope is actually not thick, but Changsheng's hands are too thin to hold the rough rope.

Old Gu Tou stood aside and watched Chang Sheng try hard to fasten the rope. Several times, he wanted to stop, but in the end he couldn't speak. This is just the first step in hunting in the mountains. If she can't even do this little thing well, what else can she do? It was impossible for him to be by her side all the time.

Thinking of this, Old Gu Tou showed a slightly warm smile on his rigid face, and then he couldn't help coughing a few times, and then he made a point when Changsheng was in a hurry.

In the end, a simple and immature rope trap was formed.

"Grandpa! I made it!"

Changsheng excitedly showed his achievements. Old Gu didn't hesitate to praise her. Instead, he looked around the trap and even poked it with a stick. After he felt that it was really good, he nodded slightly. nodded.

"good."

"Um!"

Changsheng was very excited. Grandpa hardly ever praised himself, even though it was just a short sentence now, it still made him feel very excited.

She stood up excitedly, but her physical strength was no better than others. The long time of lowering her head just now made her head congested with blood. The moment she stood up, she felt a little dizzy, and she swayed uncontrollably from side to side for a while. But Changsheng pinched his palm hard, and stood up straight again.

Old Gu looked at this scene with a complicated expression on his face. This child is far tougher than he imagined.

"Pushing..."

At this moment, there was a sound of flapping wings from the direction of the trap that had been set up earlier, and the old Gu Tou was overjoyed, and immediately rushed there with Chang Sheng. He was obviously lame in one leg, but he was no slower than a normal person when running in the uneven mountains. Especially when Old Gu was walking and explaining to Chang Sheng why he was in such a hurry.

"After you notice the movement, you have to go there quickly. The sound of flapping wings is very likely to be pheasants on this mountain. They are too aggressive and can easily attract carnivores. Not only will the pheasants not be caught, but even the traps will be caught. destroyed."

"Yes!"

Changsheng's excited little face turned red.

In the cold morning wind, she ran forward following the footsteps of old Gu Tou. Although the stumbling was not smooth, she gradually felt a novel feeling, which kept running in her chest.

It was not until a long, long time later that Changsheng gradually understood that that feeling is called freedom.


		