

The Gu family village is not very big, which has led to the fact that if there is a new story in any family, it will be spread all over within half a day. What's more, the stubborn old man at the end of the village picked up a disliked little girl, such a bizarre event!

But all the women who went to see Changsheng that day wanted to say a few words to everyone after they went back, and at the end they slammed their mouths in everyone's surprised eyes, feeling regretful.

"The little Changsheng's grandmother doesn't know what to think. Even if the child is not very outstanding, she is still her own cub. Why did she lose the child so cruelly? No one has come to look for it until now. It must be because she didn't think about it. I want to go back. What a crime!"

"Who said it wasn't?"

Everyone sighed regretfully, and then curiously asked a few questions about longevity. Of course, what everyone was most curious about was, is that child really that ugly? Even his own adults dislike him? I heard there are still scars!

Some kind-hearted women frowned, defending Changsheng.

"It's just that the child is too young and hasn't grown up yet. In addition, her elders don't like it, so she must not even have food and drink. After a few years, she will grow up and it will look better."

However, old Gu Tou heard these words, and he joked unceremoniously for a long time.

"They still think you are good-looking. Changsheng, what do you think?"

Chang Sheng glanced at this grandfather who didn't speak well at all, feeling a little aggrieved, but she didn't dare to speak, for fear that Old Gu would not want her anymore, so he could only pick the corner of the quilt aggrieved and played.

Gu Xiaomei, who was cooking for the old and the young, appeared at this moment. Seeing the pitiful look of the little guy, she immediately understood that her second brother was teasing the child again, and pushed him dissatisfied, telling the old Gu to move aside. go.

"What are you doing? This is my home! I'm your second brother!"

"Yes, I am still your own sister."

Gu Xiaomei wrapped Changsheng in a small cloth pocket neatly, and then fed her food spoon by spoon.

It's a simple home-cooked meal, but Changsheng is very happy to eat it. Someone feeds herself. Chunfang used to feed herself too, but she was always impatient and would get angry when she saw herself eating slowly. Where is it like the grandma in front of me, the way she smiles makes people want to get close.

In order not to leave a bad impression on the other party, Changsheng wanted to swallow quickly, but it was difficult for her to eat, and the consequence of swallowing again now was to choke. Changsheng couldn't help coughing loudly, and spit out the food in her mouth. She didn't have time to feel the severe pain in her throat, and looked at the quilt that she had soiled with guilt, tears swirling in the circles of her eyes. She really didn't mean it, would this kind elder blame her? How about hitting her a few times? As long as grandma doesn't get angry...

Seeing the little hand that Changsheng stretched out proactively, Gu Xiaomei was stunned for a moment, and asked patiently.

"What's wrong with Changsheng? Is the wound on your hand uncomfortable? Do you want to apply some medicine?"

"No, no, I, I stained the quilt, you hit me, beat me to vent my anger..."

Gu Xiaomei was terribly stunned. If it wasn't for the old Mr. Gu who was quick to pinch her, she would probably be crying right now. Why is this child so lovable?

Quickly stuffing Changsheng's little hand back, Gu Xiaomei comforted Changsheng with a smile.

"It's okay, your grandfather's quilt should have been washed a long time ago, it smells bad, Changsheng did a good job, I will change the bed later. Changsheng eat first, okay?"

Gu Xiaomei really showed her patience in taking care of her little grandson and granddaughter, patiently making Changsheng more and more fond of this kind old man.

Of course, she also likes the old Gu Tou who takes care of her mood. So she has to get well soon, and then help Grandpa Gu, to prove that she is not a little trash who can only eat but can't work!

With such an urgent hope, but in the past half a month, Changsheng's injuries have healed enough to get out of bed and walk around. So she couldn't wait to do some work within her capacity, and she was very satisfied.

On this day, Chang Sheng was squatting in the yard watching the chicks eating vegetable leaves. She always liked to be in a daze, but now that the sun was shining warmly, the cute little chickens looked at her, her eyes were sore, and after a while, her head was bit by bit, and she almost fell headlong into those little chickens .


Old Gu Tou, who had just finished chopping firewood, scooped up Changsheng, stared at the startled chicks for a while, picked him up in an unskilled manner, and placed him on the eaves Get off the stool and ask her to lean against the wall.

Just at this moment, Changsheng has fallen asleep.

At this time, Gu Xiaomei also came in. Originally, she should have walked back a long time ago, but she was worried about the old and the young, so she didn't leave until this time. Looking at the scene where Chang Sheng and his second brother got along harmoniously now, he couldn't help laughing.

"You get along well with Changsheng. It looks like a grandfather."

"Hey, it's just that I don't want to wash her clothes anymore, who cares if she wants to sleep or not."

Gu Xiaomei has gotten used to her second brother's dead duck mouth. She looked at Changsheng now, but she had a question to ask.

"Second brother, I saw a lot of injuries before Changsheng, and thought that I would have to take care of him for at least two months. I didn't expect to be able to go to the ground after only half a month? Isn't this good..."

At this moment, Old Gu had already taken out his dry tobacco, took two puffs, and then nodded at his sister with a sullen face.

"I saw those immortals when I was a soldier outside."

"Fairy?"

Gu Xiaomei was very surprised. The Gu family village is very remote, and the farthest everyone goes is Fucheng. Few people know that the immortals in the dramas actually exist, but they are too far away from the peasants who graze in the fields.

But Old Gu was different. He had been to many places when he was a soldier outside. Now when he heard the topic about immortals, Gu Xiaomei sat up straight.

Old Gu took a look at his sister, puffed out a puff of white smoke, and then slowly spoke about the immortals he had seen.

"How noble are those immortals? It's not easy to get in touch with us mortals. I still know some inside information because the general at that time had friendship with immortals. Those immortals are really powerful. It's just us. If you don’t come to others, even if you are injured, you will get better soon. How can it be so troublesome to take medicine like us.”

"real or fake?"

Gu Xiaomei was very surprised, she subconsciously looked at the sharp sickle lying aside. Such a sharp thing, can't even cause harm to those immortals? She still remembered that when she went to work in the field, she was accidentally cut, and the blood flowed, and she was so frightened!

However, since the second brother said so, it means that Changsheng is...

This is unlikely, right? Which immortal would suffer so many injuries as poor as Changsheng? This is different from what the second brother said.


		