

In the bright and silent void, there are ten universes and thousands of great worlds, each of which has its own consciousness of the way of heaven. They are strong or weak, and they are different, but they all do their duty to protect their own world. growing up.

These big worlds are connected to each other, the aura flows, and they communicate with each other. But there are also large worlds that cannot communicate with other worlds due to accidents. Everything has its end, and so does the world. These worlds are of the kind that are about to decline or fall. But it's not uncommon for things like this to happen.

But in this empty universe, there is a big world that has been particularly dazzling since its birth, shining like the sun, and its luck is amazing! Not only is he young and strong, but he will be able to advance to the next level and advance to Xianzhou!

That is Shengyuan Great World!

At this important turning point, Shengyuan Great World's sense of heaven seized part of its power from the Great World itself, combined with its own wishes, and carefully pinched out an exceptionally bright and holy soul.

The consciousness of heaven in the Shengyuan Great World is too young, because it is young and energetic, and has a little more vitality than those other great world consciousnesses whose rules are so fair that they almost incarnate the rules themselves.

In order to give the unborn child the best, Shengyuan Great World's sense of heaven has held her in the palm of his hand for a long time, and every time he thinks of a powerful force, he can't wait to add it to her.

Pure clear glass body, immemorial immortal body, unparalleled mysterious pupil, natural sword bone, seven-apertured exquisite heart, clear and clean body, immortal phoenix bone...

In addition, there are ice muscles and bones, peerless looks, top-level understanding, tenacious vitality, etc., almost any excellent ability and physique can be thought of to be added to this child. A few top-level spirit beasts were also prepared for this brilliant soul as companion spirit beasts. It can be said that all aspects are properly prepared.

After all, He created this child for her to be safe and sound, to have a halo all the way, to stand at the commanding heights of this world, to achieve mutual success with himself, and then to advance to the fairy world together! At that time, this child will be the Lord of the Immortal Realm of Shengyuan Immortal Realm! And why not give her the best of everything?

Shengyuan Dao Dao Consciousness really dotes on this child, and when it is the child's turn to be the parents in the world, he chooses and chooses for a long time. If he doesn't pay attention, thousands of years will pass like this. For the consciousness of the Dao of Heaven, this is equivalent to taking a nap.

However, just as the child's destined reincarnation time approached his careful selection, the boundary membrane of Shengyuan Great World was suddenly touched. Because he is too powerful, Shengyuan Great World will always attract a lot of coveted eyes, and he is used to it. After all, in this void, there are always many strange but powerful beings coveting a big world with such a powerful and amazing luck like him.

But he had to get away to deal with it, but the best time for this child to reincarnate has arrived, and Shengyuan Dao's sense of heaven is unable to do so, so he can only put this child into the nearest candidate family.

Before leaving, he touched the child's soul reluctantly, and got a nostalgic touch. Shengyuan Great World's sense of heaven suddenly became even more reluctant.

Cub, you have to be good, wait for my old father to strangle the thing that dared to offend us, and then come back and continue to watch you. When you grow up smoothly, let's advance to the fairy world together!

Tiandao's love is so biased, there is no way.

However, Tian Dao, who rushed to track down the death-seeking thing, did not notice that there was a thin black spot that came with the astonishing provocateur, and it fell silently on the ground of Shengyuan Great World. land.

This black spot is covered with a thick layer of blood that belongs to the monks of the Shengyuan Great World. The goal is to find the most prosperous place in this big world, the abdomen of the mother's body where the Daughter of Destiny is located, and then drill into it without hesitation. go in!

He has been seeking for so many years, just for this moment! If it weren't for the blood and soul of the monks from the Shengyuan Great World attached to his body, and a clone that constantly attracts the Shengyuan Great World, he wouldn't be able to come to this rich and powerful land so smoothly!

Who can blame this? It can only be blamed that the Shengyuan Great World is too powerful, so powerful that it is almost comparable to the top immortal continents! If he can occupy the position of the Son of Destiny and devour this world, he can definitely become an immortal true god!

Of course, before that, the original son of destiny, hand over everything that belongs to her.

Shengyuan Great World, who left in a hurry, didn't expect that he would be deliberately calculated by others just because he didn't check for a while, and he didn't expect that the enemy who came this time was so difficult that he didn't come back immediately. For the consciousness of the Dao of Heaven, time is no longer a matter of days and years. When he finds out, it will be too late.

At this time, the foreigner has entered the womb of the Destiny's Son's mother. At this time, the Destiny's Child is still in a state of immobile soul, but he still expressed his goodwill when he saw a brother in his mother's womb. But the next moment, a tentacle suddenly stretched out from the visitor from outside the territory, and plunged into the Destiny's Child. A steady stream of power poured into the body of the foreigner, and the powerful power almost made him addicted. Because the damage caused by forcibly breaking through the boundary membrane also quickly subsided at this time, and the souls were all warm.

Is this the preferential treatment given to the Son of Destiny? If he can cultivate in a dignified way through the proper way in this life, and attain the Dao and ascend, he can abandon the past and the past, and have another way out.

Ten months later, at the Yu family in Qingling Town, Shangqing County, Dongxiang County, Lingguo, Mr. Yu's only daughter was giving birth in the delivery room.

"Ah-"

The screams almost pierced the sky.

Childbirth is a hell of a thing for a woman, and this Ms. Yu gave birth to twins and her first child, making it even more difficult and even more dangerous.

At this time outside the delivery room, Master Yu was already circling anxiously on the ground, sweating profusely, his face was pale, and he couldn't stop mumbling something.

"My son, please don't let anything happen to you. Your mother just left like this. Daddy, I can't bear that something will happen to you..."

At this time, no one dared to catch Master Yu's eyes, the servants who came and went avoided Master Yu and passed by from the other side. Now the only one who dares to talk to Master Yu is Fang Jianling, the son-in-law of the Yu family.

Fang Jianling is twenty-two years old this year, two years older than his wife. Although he is a door-to-door son-in-law, he has a gentle temper and gets along quite harmoniously with Master Yu. It's a pity that he and his wife were married for three years before Yu Qiuqu, the eldest daughter of the Yu family, became pregnant. But now that childbirth is so difficult, Fang Ling almost feels distressed.

In addition, he has studied hard for many years, and his body is not very strong. Now, after taking care of his wife all night, he almost fainted, and his face was extremely pale!


		