

Changsheng sometimes feels sad, but for her, this kind of emotion comes and goes quickly. For example, right now, she is obsessed with staring at the busy ants on the ground.

These little things are so cute, they are so small, but they are so powerful, they can lift food bigger than themselves and run around without showing any fatigue. What's even more rare is that the relationship between them is still so good, you help me, I help you, the key is that it doesn't bother you at all. so good.

Thinking of himself at this moment, Chang Sheng grabbed his little hand and felt stuffy again. After living for so many years, she gradually realized that no one likes her, and no one likes to talk to her. Everyone thinks she is ugly and stupid. Is she really annoying?

Little ant, little ant, it would be great if I was also a little ant, won't you dislike me? Can we live together? Will you be like his mother Xiaohu, hug him and kiss him often, and give him a nice tiger fur hat?

Changsheng has no good features in his body, only a pair of eyes, which are different from her brother's pure black eyes, with a slight brown tint, which looks as peaceful and harmless as a small animal.

How could the ants on the ground understand the words of Changsheng? They were still busy carrying the food scraps thrown by Changsheng, but when they were carrying a finger-sized Yunpian Cake, they encountered a head-sized stone, which was a natural danger for them.

Seeing them hovering, Chang Sheng immediately reached out to move the stone. But she was too thin, no matter how hard she tried at this moment, the stone only moved slightly and was not lifted up as expected.

Why is it so heavy?

Changsheng took a breath, his black and thin face was full of doubts. But she didn't give up, two thin hands like chopsticks pushed desperately, the stone was finally pushed open a crack, but she didn't have enough strength, and it fell back with a snap, crushing Changsheng's little finger.

"what!"

After a few breaths, Changsheng let out an "Ah" and called out slowly, and pulled back his hand vigorously, only to see that his fingers were already bruised and purple, and there was also a blood blister.

Ah, it hurts so much.

Staring blankly at his fingers, Chang Sheng's eyes slowly pooled tears, a little at a loss.

But at this moment, an angry head stuck out, it was Chunfang who had been looking for Changsheng for a long time. Seeing the dirty Chang Sheng now, Chun Fang was even more angry!

"Miss! How many times have I told you not to come to this dirty place. Look at your skirt, it was just changed this morning, and now it is dirty again. Missy will see you later, if you see that you are dirty Xixi, how could I still be willing to talk to you?"

While speaking, Chunfang pulled Changsheng out, slapped the dust on her body vigorously, then hurriedly grabbed her hand and ran to Yu Qiuqu's boudoir in the distance.

Chunfang was still late, Yu Qiuqu's maid looked at Chunfang with dissatisfaction, told them to wait outside, and went in to report to the eldest lady.

"Miss, when I see Missy later, you have to say a few more words to make Missy happy. Don't make Missy unhappy on this day of great joy..."

Chunfang babbled a lot, but Changsheng lowered his head and muttered in a low voice.

"It wasn't changed this morning, it was changed the day before yesterday..."

It turned out that she didn't react until now. But the little Changsheng already knows that if a child says something that adults don’t want to hear, the adults will look at you with the eyes of "Why are you so ignorant" and express sadly that they are already very tired. So disobedient. It's not that Changsheng is smarter, it's just that she saw it from Chunfang.

After a while, Yu Qiuqu's maid came out and signaled Chang Sheng to go in together. Chunfang was worried a hundred times, but without the consent of the eldest lady, she would never dare to follow in, but she was a little worried that the young lady would say that she was not careful enough in serving her. Sigh, but the little lady has never been very smart, so she probably won't speak ill of herself, right?

At this time, Changsheng had already arrived at Yu Qiuqu's room, the room smelled really good, it was the fragrance that belonged only to his mother. She didn't dare to walk over casually, but when standing where she was, she quietly took a few deep breaths, hoping to inhale more of the fragrance of her mother's body. In that way, even if we don't see each other for many days, Changsheng will never forget the smell of his mother.

It smells so good...

At this time, Yu Qiuqu, who had drunk a few glasses of beer wine, rubbed his forehead, and through the heavy veils and the figures of maids and women, he saw the child standing at the door, rubbing the hem of his clothes with his fingers anxiously.

This child has little resemblance to himself in appearance, let alone her husband. If he wasn't very sure that he had two children, Yu Qiuqu really wouldn't believe that he would have such a dark and ugly child.

But, this is his own child after all.

Yu Qiuqu's loving mother's heart suddenly rose, and he gently waved to Changsheng.

Changsheng's eyes lit up immediately, and he walked over quickly, and when he reached Yu Qiuqu's side, he swallowed nervously, and then called out softly.

"Daughter……"

Perhaps it was because there was no one to communicate with for a long time, and the voice was slightly hoarse, making it hard to believe that it was the voice of a child.

Yu Qiuqu frowned slightly, but still gently embraced the child, patted Chang Sheng on the shoulder, and called her name softly.

"What did you eat this morning? It tasted delicious? Who did you play with during the day? You didn't get bullied..."

Changsheng answered very fluently. It's not that she suddenly became smarter, it's just that Yu Qiuqu always asked Chang Sheng these questions every time he met him. Even Changsheng, who is not very smart, has listened a lot and practiced a lot in private, and now he can recite it backwards.

After asking these questions, Yu Qiuqu was a little stuck for a while, and when he looked at Changsheng, he didn't know what to say. But at this moment, Changsheng looked at his mother with wide eyes looking forward to it, hoping that she could talk to him a few more words.

Facing the expectant look in his daughter's eyes, Yu Qiuqu's heart softened for a moment.

"Changsheng, you..."

"Miss!"

At this time, a maid rushed in, her voice was much higher.

"Miss, master and uncle have called servants to invite you to entertain guests in the front yard."

"At this time? Who's here again?"

"The servants don't know each other either. I only know that the master and uncle seem to take it seriously. It just looks like a fairy, I don't know if it's a fairy..."

This little girl just entered Yu's mansion this year, so naturally she doesn't know most of the guests, but Yu Qiuqu stood up straight away, her voice trembling!

"Is it Ling Guang?"


		