

If it was an ordinary child, he would have been scared to tears by now. Especially old Gu Tou is in a bad mood now, his expression is even more ugly, and those people who have not left around are scared to run away when they see this. It is said that this old Gu Tou used to be a soldier who killed people without batting an eyelid on the battlefield. Killing people was like chopping melons and vegetables, but don't ask him to keep an eye on him.

But Changsheng adapted well. After all, even in her own home, those servants would sometimes avoid people and get angry in front of her. Alas, who told her grandfather and parents not to take care of her?

Changsheng is used to it.

So at this moment, Chang Sheng stood up, patted the dust off his body, followed the footsteps of Old Gu and went back.

Behind them, the villagers saw Changsheng's appearance, and felt sorry for her.

"Is this the child?"

"It should be. It just doesn't look good, and there are scars on the face."

"But he's a bold one. Are you afraid of Old Gu Tou if you don't see him? I'm terribly scared when I see Old Gu Tou's fierce look."

"Shhhhh, stop talking, be careful to let him hear you."

"Why are you afraid to hear that? Who doesn't know about their family? Just talk about it, don't worry about it, hahaha, the one in my house is still waiting for me to go back to eat, so I'll take a step ahead... ..."

The villager who showed off his eloquence turned his head and saw that Old Gu was staring at him with a smile that was not a smile, and he was holding the old Chenmu dry pipe in one hand, as if he was holding a knife. He instantly remembered the rumors he had heard about old Gu Tou, and left pale in fright.

It was completely quiet now.

Old Gu took back the bong he was about to throw just now, and walked back blankly. He walked fast, Changsheng walked slower, but he didn't complain, just kept his head depressed. This small section of the road made the old and the young walk like a race.

It wasn't until he reached the simple gate that Old Gu stopped and looked back at Chang Sheng's hurrying way. After this little episode, he felt a little better. Seeing Changsheng panting now, he seemed to finally remember that this is a patient, so he stared at Changsheng, wanting to see if the child would complain.

But unexpectedly, there was not.

Chang Sheng just walked quickly and quietly, and stopped after catching up with Old Gu, panting for breath. This surprised Old Gu.

"Are you tired?"

Changsheng nodded subconsciously, then shook his head again.

"Not tired."

lie. Obviously tired out of breath.

But at this moment, Old Gu discovered an important matter, so he didn't mind this little problem.

"I want to go hunting in the mountains, you go with me."

Changsheng nodded immediately.

Old Gu changed his sentence again.

"I'm going to sell prey in the city. I'm too tired to carry much by myself. Come with me and carry some prey by the way."

Changsheng still nodded.

Old Gu finally no longer had that half-smile look, he frowned and looked at Chang Sheng, aware of the seriousness of the matter.

This child seems to be a puppet, what others say is what? In fact, it can be seen from Changsheng's situation and his daily speech and behavior that this child must have been ignored at home before. Old Gu can swear by his life experience, he will never be wrong.

Generally, the child who is not valued in the family is the more obedient and sensible one, because the parents' attention is easily attracted by the better and more mischievous children. In order to make their parents value themselves more, unfavored children usually try to make their parents value themselves by being more obedient and sensible.

Changsheng is obviously this kind.

In fact, old Gu told me that some parents are born biased, but they don't want to admit it. What's the use of being obedient and sensible? What's the point of living if you don't even look like yourself anymore?

This child may also have the experience of being abandoned. Although she may not explain it in words, she actually understands it in her heart. After being picked up by myself, I was worried about being abandoned again, so I became more sensible.

If you are an ordinary family, you may think that it is better for children to be sensible and obedient, but who is Old Gu? He is someone who dared to fall out with his parents when he was young, he is a born stubborn. Such a person would naturally not want a child who obeyed everything he said.

So he quickly decided that this was not going to work, that something had to change in this kid.

Old Gu looked at Chang Sheng with a smile, his expression was like a kidnapper who seduced a child.

"Changsheng, do you want to practice martial arts?"

"Xiwu?"

Chang Sheng didn't quite understand, but when she saw old Gu Tou casually holding a sword flower with a bong, she immediately remembered that some people would do this at home.

But what's the use? Chang Sheng didn't think it through yet, but after taking a look at Old Gu Tou, she immediately agreed. Perhaps this has Grandpa's own considerations in it.

"Okay. Since you agreed to practice martial arts with me, don't complain about suffering or being tired. Because it's useless."

Chang Sheng didn't know what he was about to face at all, but quietly followed Old Gu back to the yard, and then saw him pull out a chair and sit down by himself, found a corner for himself, and told her to squat down.

Meiming said, squatting on horseback.

"Stand at attention, put your hands on your waist, and your fists up! Don't be lazy."

Changsheng didn't understand what was the use of doing this, but she still obediently squatted according to the old Gu Tou's words.

Old Gu Tou originally thought that according to the small body of Changsheng, he would not be able to bear it within a stick of incense. Unexpectedly, she persisted for half an hour without crying out that she was tired.

In fact, Changsheng was already dizzy right now, and he couldn't even see clearly what was in front of him. But since Grandpa Gu didn't say anything, he couldn't give up. So she gritted her teeth and insisted.

After half an hour passed, Old Gu couldn't sit still anymore, he casually walked forward, wanting to find fault, but he didn't expect that this kid did a good job, there was nothing wrong with him. This surprised him a little.

At this moment, he noticed that Changsheng's shoulders were twitching, and frowning, he patted her. Unexpectedly, the child fell to the ground without saying a word. Passed out directly!

Old Gu was dumbfounded.

No, can't you say it if you feel uncomfortable? Back then, I practiced martial arts for the first time before I went to the battlefield. In order not to let them peasants who didn’t know anything die so early, the barracks would concentrate on teaching some basic martial arts. The areas that the Gu family village can contact. So at that time, Old Gu studied very hard.

But at that time, even if I was holding back my energy, I didn't work so hard! It never occurred to him that this little guy, who was so weak that it seemed that he would not be able to survive in the next moment without help, would persist until he fainted and refused to make a sound.

It's really a good seedling.


		