

Gu Xiaomei naturally knows this truth, she just thinks that people's hearts are really bad, such a little girl, someone is willing to do it. But it's useless to say anything now, the child has suffered so much.

After thinking about it, Gu Xiaomei thought it would be better to find some clothes for the little girl that a child of her age could wear. My second brother's clothes are not only ugly, but also too big. This little girl looks very small, probably only about five years old, but her elder brother's house has clothes that a girl of this age can wear.

"Second brother, look at Changsheng, I'll go find some clothes for the little girl."

"What are you doing? Are you going to find the boss?"

When the eldest brother of the two was mentioned, Old Gu felt as if he had been bitten by a snake. Now he frowned and took a few puffs of tobacco, and he was about to say the word of refusal.

"I didn't ask you to look for it. I'll go and see for myself. What does it have to do with you if I find clothes for Changsheng? Mind your own business."

Gu Xiaomei has always been a gentle and reticent character, but she is lively and even aggressive in front of her second brother. Even though they are both so old, they have not changed.

When she said this, Old Gu didn't know what to say, so he could only wrinkle his face like a tree bark, smoke a few puffs of tobacco, and look away from the little girl who left quickly.

"Old stubborn."

Gu Xiaomei sighed secretly, but she also knew that the relationship between her elder brother and second brother was rather delicate, after all, they were not born by the same mother, and there were some ancient reasons, the two elder brothers hardly spoke now. Obviously everyone lives in the same village, so why bother?

It's useless to say more, Gu Xiaomei quickly went to her elder brother's house to ask for some clothes worn by a little girl, and explained the "origin" of Yichang Sheng to other curious people by the way. Can't help sighing, greatly satisfying everyone's curiosity.

Boss Gu is the head of the Gu family village, and there are quite a few people in his family. As long as any news comes out of his family, the whole Gu family village will know it in a short while.

Boss Gu's health is not very good, looking at his busy younger sister, he couldn't help frowning.

"Is the little girl's origin clear? Don't have anything..."

"Brother, that is a poor child. I don't know how long he has been away. He was probably frightened and stupid. He can't even speak now. After all, it is a human life. Besides, the second brother has been alone all the time. I look very uncomfortable." It's so good... Taking Xiao Changsheng in, at least he's no longer alone."

Boss Gu sighed for a long time, and suddenly asked old head Gu.

"Second still doesn't want to see me."

Gu Xiaomei avoided the seriousness of this question, and immediately asked her sister-in-law who was basking in the sun in the yard.

"How is sister-in-law feeling now?"

"It's still the same. After changing a few medicines, I'm not so crazy after taking it, but I don't have much energy, and I feel lazy when I bask in the sun."

Looking through the window, Gu Xiaomei looked at the kind old lady who could vaguely show her youthful beauty even though she had many wrinkles on her face, and couldn't help but sighed heavily.

Why is this world so sad? Why did they find their old Gu's family for so many things?

Ugh.

After feeling emotional for a while, Gu Xiaomei neatly packed her things and got up to leave. Boss Gu stared at the figure of the younger sister leaving for a long time, as if looking across the road to see that figure who had been stubborn all his life, his only brother.

Striving to stand up straight, Boss Gu walked out of the room and came to his wife with a kind face, and stretched out his hands to hold those hands that were no longer tender.

"Alan, do you remember me?"

"Um?"

"I am your husband."

"Um?"

"We have three sons and one daughter, and they are all married now. You are already a grandma."

"Um?"

"So, let's just get on with it. OK?"

"Um?"

"So be it……"

Changsheng didn't know what happened when she passed out, she vaguely heard someone talking, so she opened her eyes with difficulty.

"Wake up, wake up!"

"Slow down your voice, what if you scare the child?"


Looking blankly at the women sitting around him, Chang Sheng was a little at a loss. What about the grandfather from before? Why disappeared, is she really dreaming?

Just when Chang Sheng's eyes were gradually filled with water vapor, Old Gu Tou strode in and looked at the luck of the women in the room.

"You have no work to do? Why are you all staying in my room? Hurry up and hurry up."

The old man was well-known throughout the village for his stubbornness and dislike. Everyone has long been used to him talking so bluntly, and one of the women smiled and spoke now.

"Second Uncle, we heard that you picked up a little girl, so let's take a look. What if I can help you?"

"That's right. Second grandfather, you are an old man, do you know how to take care of children? Let's help."

These are all juniors in the same village. Some of them were scared and cried by old Gu when they were young, but now that there are more people, they are not afraid anymore, and they beat old Gu hard.

Old Gu's face was ugly, and he gave his little sister a hard look. These are the people she brought.

Gu Xiaomei was a little guilty, but she stared back fiercely because of the crowd. These are all eloquent women in Gujia Village, let them see how pitiful Xiao Changsheng is, and there will be no bad words to spread in the future.

After all, she wanted her second brother to recognize Xiao Changsheng as a granddaughter. In case the second brother is still the same as before, living without any popularity.

Old Gu couldn't help it, he couldn't beat these women up, it would be a shame to throw them home, and now he can only go out to fetch water.

In short, after waking up, Changsheng spent a non-lonely day surrounded by a bunch of women. At the end of the day, Changsheng only felt dizzy and dizzy. These, these people are so good at talking. Moreover, they don't seem to mind that they don't look good.

"Don't think that they are all good people, be careful that there will be no dregs left after being eaten."

Old Gu came in now, looking at the room where only Changsheng and his younger sister were there, he was afraid that the silly boy Changsheng would think that those were good people in the future, so he said something angrily.

"Second brother! What are you talking about?!"

Gu Xiaomei beat her second brother unhappily, and then gently stroked Changsheng's head.

"Changsheng be good, don't listen to him. He is just a stubborn old man. We can do whatever we want in the future, and when we recover from our injuries, we can also play with the children in the village."

Old Gu didn't want Gu Xiaomei to nag him, but he was still skeptical about this matter. It's fine if the urchins in the village don't bully Changsheng, how can they play with her? When the time comes, if you are bullied and cry...

hiss. No, I still have to teach Changsheng some boxing skills, so as not to be bullied and cry sometimes.


		