

On that day, the fire in Yu's house burned for a whole night, and no one dared to approach when they found out. The fire was so evil that no one could guarantee whether it had anything to do with the legendary immortals. Haven't you seen such a big Yu Mansion, and no one escaped alive after the fire?

It's so wicked.

Even if there are relatives working in Yu's house, they dare not say a word. Even the four members of the Yu family who had a precious son who became a fairy died cleanly. Who would dare to say a word about this matter?

Such a fire that spread all over the sky directly devoured everything. As for the family of four who died inside, apart from the youngest son of Shang Huanzong, the Yu Fang family had no relatives, so how could anyone look after them?

It's just that the flowers are falling and the water is drifting away, and it's all in vain.


Speaking of the water sources in this world, they are scattered and scattered, even though they are thousands of miles apart, they are all connected, which is really interesting.

Far away, in Gujia Village, a remote village thousands of miles away, it was early in the morning, and the time was still very early. Most of the villagers were immersed in dark and sweet dreams and never woke up. At the end of the village, there was a simple courtyard far away from the building complex. Inside, the door creaked open.

A figure who was no longer young but still trying to straighten his back limped out of the yard carrying a bucket.

In the quiet and deserted village, it seems that even a cough is deafening. Old Gu Tou lightly hammered his waist, and walked towards the stream with the crude wooden bucket.

Gujia Village is not rich, but there are still two sweet wells in the village, but they are too far away from his yard. Old Gu doesn't want to run those few steps, let alone let those ignorant children stare at his broken leg. Seeing and going, so what I have been eating is the water in this stream that flows down from the mountain with a large amount of water.

"Boom! Gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo"

While Old Gu was staring at the wooden bucket that kept drinking water in a daze, a swift figure of a rabbit passed in front of him. Old Gu suddenly came back to his senses, a sharp light flashed in his weather-beaten eyes, and his whole demeanor changed instantly. He seemed to have returned to the dangerous battlefield again, becoming the veteran who survived the danger.

He tiptoedly followed the trail of the rabbit and walked up the creek. The rabbit was too fast, and Lao Gu had a crippled leg. When touching something, the whole person stopped instantly, his movements were exceptionally quick, and he turned around suddenly and left.

He didn't want to get into trouble.

He walked quickly along the creek for a few steps. The way down the mountain was obviously easier than up the mountain, but Old Gu Tou walked more and more slowly, and then slowly stopped. After a long while, a long sigh resounded through the morning mist, and he turned around and walked up.

Upon closer inspection, it was indeed a person. It's just that this figure is a bit too small, and Lao Gu frowned to see the traces on this small figure. After a while, I came to a not-so-good conclusion.

This is a little girl with scars all over her body. She looks a little ugly, a little dry, and a little thinner. There are even three long scars covering the upper left half of his face. Although he has closed his mouth, blood is still slowly oozing out.

Disfigured.

In addition, there was a wound on the child's chest that was slowly soaking in blood. Old Gu removed the immature bandage, and saw a hideous sword wound. From the looks of it, the sword wound directly penetrated the child's body, making a hole! I don't know where this little girl is from. There are almost countless other scattered scars on her body, and her swollen and white skin is obviously blistered...

Old Gu concluded that this little girl must be a poor little girl who escaped with her life after being silenced.

He didn't want to mind such nosy things at first, but at this moment, the little girl suddenly opened those big bright eyes, stared quietly at Old Gu for a while, and then passed out again.

It was this deja vu glance that made Lao Gu pause for a moment, and in the end he took this poor little guy back.

After more than half a day, Changsheng suddenly woke up from his lethargy. It may be because the reaction was slower than other children, even though the severe pain in all parts of her body at this moment made her almost unable to breathe, Chang Sheng didn't make a sound, just quietly staring at the roof above. The roof was covered with a layer of mud with straw, and she had never seen such a building.

"woke up?"

A vicissitudes of life sounded, and Chang Sheng slowly looked in the direction of the sound, only to see a dark figure sitting at the table looking at him silently.

Blinking, and after his eyes got used to it, Chang Sheng finally saw clearly that the person looking at him was an old man with many wrinkles on his face. I don't know what the old man looked like when he was young, but at this time he looks wrinkled, and every wrinkle is mixed with unspeakable stubbornness, telling the master that he must be strong.

Even though it was the first time they met, Chang Sheng vaguely understood that what he saw in front of him was a stubborn and weird old man.

"Get up and drink medicine when you wake up. I don't have the patience to feed you."

drink medicine?

Why do you need to drink medicine? The medicine is bitter, oh, she is hurt, that's why she needs to drink the medicine. A child who doesn't drink the medicine obediently is not a good child, and will not be liked by the elders. Changsheng is a good child, so she will drink it up and waste nothing.

However, Chang Sheng worked hard for a while, but couldn't sit up at all. She blinked and looked at Old Gu Tou helplessly.

Old Gu Tou snorted coldly, stepped forward, helped Chang Sheng up with unskilled movements, held the bowl to her mouth, and watched her drink the medicine with cold eyes.

"Fortunately, you didn't cry. If you dare to cry, I will throw you away. I hate crying children the most."

Changsheng obediently swallowed the last sip of the soup, and opened his mouth to let Old Gu see that he drank cleanly and did not hide it secretly. She has been in poor health since she was born, and drinking medicine has long been a common practice, and she is more proficient than eating.

Now that he realized what Old Gu said, he tilted his head, and spoke in a hoarse voice very persistently.

"Longevity does not cry, Changsheng doesn't like to cry."

"... so slow to react? You can't be a fool, right?"

Fool? Changsheng is not a fool.

But Changsheng would never argue with others, and at this moment he just sneaked a sneaky glance at Old Gu Tou and lowered his head to study the patterns on the quilt. This quilt is different from my own, the patterns don't look the same.

"Hey. What a fool. Forget it, I'll be a good deed. Changsheng, right? It's a good name, simple and natural. You will follow me from now on. Remember, you are ugly because you are ugly. You were liked by the grandmother at home, but you were secretly thrown away, but I picked it up, so don’t talk about it when you see others in the future. Don’t tell anyone about the sword wound on your body. Do you understand?”


		