

Master Yu was still worried that he had given birth to his only daughter who hadn't been able to give birth all night, but now he saw that his son-in-law was also on the verge of collapse, and he was even more shocked.

"Jianling, are you alright? Oh, hurry up and bring me a cup of ginseng tea."

The maidservant who was waiting on the side quickly trotted all the way to the kitchen, brought a cup of ginseng tea that had been prepared a long time ago, and offered it to my uncle.

Fang Yuanling knew very well that now was not the time to back down, so he brought it over and drank it all in one gulp. After a long while, he felt that he had come back to life, but he was even more saddened.

"Qiu Qu has worked so hard to give birth in there, it's okay if I can't help at all, and it's almost a disservice to me..."

Seeing that my uncle loves his daughter, Master Yu felt really comforted. He is happier than anyone else about the love of his daughter and son-in-law, but seeing his daughter suffer so much now, Mr. Yu feels pain in his heart. Thinking of his late wife who passed away early, Master Yu was filled with grief again.

But at such a critical moment, it is the last thing for Qiu Qu to find out that the two big men are panicking, so Mr. Yu encouraged him and his son-in-law, talking loudly at the door of the delivery room to let the girl inside know that her husband and father are still alive. here I am.

Before I knew it, it was almost dawn. Finally, the moment the first ray of light appeared on the horizon, there was another shrill scream from the delivery room.

"what--"

"It's born, it's born!"

"No! What is this?!"

"Ah! What is this..."

There were continuous strange sounds in the delivery room. Master Yu and Fang Jianling looked at each other and panicked. Immediately stepped forward to knock on the door!

"What's going on?! Open the door, what's going on inside?"

After a brief silence, the door opened, and Mrs. Wen walked out slowly with a small package in her hand. Originally, the two were very happy, but then they saw something strange in her resisting movements, and swallowed what they wanted to say.

In the end, it was Master Yu who suppressed his sadness and spoke.

"Yes, is something wrong?"

Be careful, as if she was holding something dirty, but since Mr. Yu saw Ling and the other, he couldn't make it too obvious, so he could only sigh.

"Master Yu, look for yourself, this child, this child..."

Master Yu stretched out his head to take a look, his eyes opened as big as copper bells! I couldn't help gasping for air! This is his grandson? What, why is it so ugly? Ugly is downright appalling!

I saw that this little baby was not only dry and skinny, but also swarthy. His eyes were closed at the moment, and there were big blobs of bruise on his body, which made people suspect that this was not a newborn child, but a child who had been brutally beaten. The old man who had a beating, right? Master Yu tried his best to open his eyes wide, looking left and right, but he couldn't see the slightest resemblance between this child and his daughter.

This doesn't look like a child, but more like the civet cat in the play where the civet cat is exchanged for the prince!

After seeing this baby, Master Yu's eyes suddenly went dark, and after he realized it, he grabbed the woman in front of him!

"Where did you get my grandson?"

His niece is the most famous beauty in all the towns and counties, not to mention the uncle, except for her weak writing, she is even more beautiful than a big girl. How could such a pitch-black child be a child of their family?

The Wen woman was torn by him and swayed from side to side, and she could hardly hold the baby in her hand. She has been in this business for more than 30 years, and it is the first time she has seen such an ugly baby, and it is still a girl doll. Get married!

At this moment, Fang Jianling also saw this scene. He glanced at the child and was also frightened, but the exclamation from the room immediately attracted his attention.

"There's another little boy!"

At the same time, a golden light suddenly shone in the wing room that was used as the delivery room, and the golden light emitted could be seen clearly for a hundred miles around! Not only that, bursts of pleasant floral fragrance flew out from the delivery room, spreading throughout the entire Ling Kingdom in a blink of an eye!

A large fairy gate thousands of miles away - Shanghuanzong.

The suzerain who was meditating and practicing in the sect suddenly woke up, and immediately flew into the sky, and saw that pillar of luck almost piercing through the sky and the earth from a distance! On the pillar of luck, flying dragons and golden phoenixes circled upwards, fairy flowers and rare herbs smelt fragrant, huge sword shadows accompanied the left and right, and the spiritual power of heaven and earth swarmed in, creating a cave of heaven and earth almost in an instant!

Such a powerful luck, such a powerful vision of heaven and earth...

"The Son of Destiny! The Son of Destiny!"

The several elders who also rushed out to watch beside him shivered with dry flesh on their faces, and rushed out of their mouths with a stern shout!

"Hurry up and meet the Son of Destiny! Don't let other sects snatch it away!"

Needless to say?

At the moment when the vision was discovered, monks from the Shanghuan Sect were already desperately arranging the teleportation formation. As soon as the preparations were completed, the lord of the Shanghuan Sect and several Supreme Elders who hadn't been seen for tens of thousands of years They rushed in almost regardless of face, and then activated the formation!

This time, timing is everything! They must find the Son of Destiny before all the sect families! Bring it back at all costs!

This is the oracle! It is also their best chance to become the top sect in Shengyuan Great World!

At the same moment, not only Shanghuan Sect, Yanjian Sect, Taiyi Sect, Yushou Pavilion...

Even the Buddhist sects were dispatched one by one! Who said that the son of destiny must cultivate immortality? There are also supreme magic methods in Buddhism! As long as the Son of Destiny recognized by the consciousness of the Dao of Heaven is willing to join them, it is fine to modify the exercises for the Son of Destiny!

In a word, all the sects in Shengyuan Great World are crazy today! At this time, the Son of Destiny has just been born, so whoever grabs it first will have the most advantage!

The speed of the cultivator is so fast, Master Yu only had time to take a look at his eldest grandson, who was born with visions of heaven and earth, and his smiling teeth were all exposed, but before he had time to kiss, there was a burst of wind in the sky over Qingling Town. Lightning flashed and thunder rumbled, and many immortals appeared out of thin air!

Because Shanghuanzong is the closest to Lingguo, it is also the first sect to come to Qingling Town! After discovering that they had seized the top spot, the whole sect was ecstatic! He quickly fixed his eyes on Master Yu who was holding the child in his arms.

"The luck is soaring, the body is pure and flawless, the bones are perfect, and the horns are tall! That's him!"

"That's right!"

Looking at the group of gods standing in the air, Master Yu almost thought that he was old and faint. Is this, is this a fairy speaking? Forgive Mr. Yu for living in a simple environment, they in Qingling Town don't know that there are people like immortal cultivators in this world!

The lord of Shanghuan Sect took a look at the Son of Destiny who was pure and flawless, and then at the filthy mortal who was holding him, and frowned fiercely. Destiny's Son, how can a mortal get close? What nonsense!


		