

However, the lord of the Shanghuan Sect didn't say much, he just quickly stepped down from the air and looked carefully at the Son of Destiny who was lying in the swaddle.

There is no doubt that this is an extremely good-looking child. Even though he was just born, his skin is already fair, like a child who has been born for a few months, without any wrinkle.

The bridge of the nose is high, the mouth is bright red, without a trace of blemish. In the middle of the forehead, there are three neatly arranged vertical red cinnabar moles, which add a bit of Buddha nature to this face.

Just as the suzerain of Shanghuan Sect continued to look at it, the boy who was lying quietly opened his eyes suddenly!

Those were a pair of pure black eyes, the pupils were pitch black, and the background was pure white, making the eyes more distinct in black and white. More importantly, his eyes, like mountains and seas, are unfathomable.

This is a man of suhui.

The suzerain of Shanghuan Sect made the final decision! That's him! Absolutely don't let the Zongmen over there discover this child! The relationship between Taoism and Buddhism is not bad now, and the strength of Buddhist cultivators is very good. If this child of Xiantian Suhui is found, they will definitely fight for it. The suzerain of Shanghuan Sect does not want to fall out with them for the time being.

So he gave a big smile and held out his hand.

"Son, are you willing to go back to the Huanzong with me?"

Poor Shanghuan Sect Master is serious by nature, this is the first time he has shown such a big smile. If it was seen by outsiders, it would definitely be too shocking. If it was an ordinary family, he would have to ask the parents of this family if they would entrust the child to the supreme immortality they worship, but this child is obviously different from ordinary people, so it cannot be viewed with ordinary eyes. Ask him what he means.

At this time, the child just looked at him with big round eyes, as if he was thinking, which was even more shocking. But this process didn't last long, the baby who had three red moles between his eyebrows nodded slightly that day. Master Yu felt a slight numbness in his arms, and his eldest grandson flew up before covering the heat, and landed in the outstretched hands of the Daoist priest who was full of immortality.

"good good good good……"

The suzerain of Shanghuan Sect was so happy that he couldn't speak anymore, and now he was holding the child happily from ear to ear.

"Sovereign, let's go back quickly! Others are coming!"

"Yes, let's go now."

The lord of the Shanghuan Sect and his party immediately opened the teleportation formation, without staying for a moment, and disappeared in a blink of an eye, leaving only a lingering sentence.

"My Shang Huanzong has accepted this son as a core disciple, so please don't read it."

"Wait……"

"my child--"

Yu Qiuqu, who had passed out due to childbirth before, finally woke up. After hearing about the situation and rushing out, he only saw the backs of those immortals leaving and these words, and burst into tears.

The Yu family, which still had a strange fragrance, was actually a little sad at this moment.

The woman on the side looked at all this with her mouth trembling, and could hardly believe her eyes. The Yu family gave birth to a child who was about to become a fairy? Ouch, this is a big deal! This is the first case of Ling Guo in so many years, right? Her old lady can boast of seeing this scene with her own eyes for more than ten years! look at those fairies...

"Wow..."

At this time, the weak crying like a kitten suddenly sounded, and then Granny Wen remembered that there was another one in her arms. But looking at the dry and ugly appearance of the child in her arms, Wen Po was surprised. Why are the children born in the same birth so different? From now on, the contrast between the sky and the earth will be so obvious. I just hope that this girl will look a little better when she grows up, otherwise, wouldn't she not even be able to get married?

The weak cry was mixed with the woman's broken cry, and it was easy to be ignored, just like this poor little guy.

Seven years later.

The Yu Mansion, which was much larger than before, was decorated with lanterns and festoons, celebrating the birthday of the young master who went to the Immortal Gate to practice immortality.

Ever since the young master was picked up by the elders to cultivate immortality, the Yu family has received a great gift. Every year on the young master's birthday, people from Xianmen will come to give rewards. It is said that this is because the young master's talent is so outstanding that those fairy elders love him so much, so he will give back to his parents!

Hey, speaking of their Yu family, since the day the young master was born, who in the world doesn't know that fragrance is all over the country? Even the emperor will send envoys to send a lot of congratulatory gifts on this day. If there is only one pity, it is that at the birthday ceremony, the Eldest Young Master will not come back because of cultivating immortality. But it was hilarious enough.

But all these commotion had nothing to do with the anxious maid Chunfang. She is the maid in charge of taking care of the little lady. There are so many distinguished guests in front of her at the moment, and the elder lady, aunt, and master are all entertaining guests. She just took a second look at the gorgeous clothes of the distinguished guests, and there is no trace of the little lady. Can make her anxious.

Although the eldest lady doesn't pay much attention to this child on weekdays, and she can't even remember to see the child for ten days and a half months, but on the birthday of the eldest young master, she will definitely call the young lady over to have a look. Seeing that the eldest lady is about to go back to the room, if she still can't see it, wouldn't it be a bad thing?

But no matter how hard she searched, she couldn't find the little lady, and she was so anxious.

In fact, Chunfang didn't notice. In the rockery cave she just passed by, a dry and skinny child was lying on the ground fascinated, staring at the busy ants on the ground without blinking.

This child is the girl from the twins of the Yu family. Back then, when the twins were born, everyone cared about the handsome young master. The young lady was almost two years old and didn't even have a name. In the end, it was the master who got acquainted with those who inquired about the fairy gate, and named the young lady "Longevity".

"I see that the child is so weak, and I have no other expectations for her. I just hope that she can live longer."

So, she called this name.

Ever since she was born, Changsheng was obviously different from ordinary people. Not only was she inferior in appearance to that Eldest Young Master, but as she grew up, everyone found that this child was much slower in reacting than others, and when she was almost five years old, she could not speak well. Suo, walks and does things slowly, doesn't seem very smart. It is completely different from the brother who resounded in the world of cultivating immortals since he was born. The Yu family became more and more prosperous because of the young master Du who went to cultivate immortals. In comparison, this slow-moving young lady was naturally ignored a lot.

For example, Changsheng has been here since the morning, but no one has been looking for her, and she doesn't know how to call, just staring at the busy ants in front of her in a daze.

In Changsheng's little heart, there are actually very few things that she wants. For example, at this moment, she is wondering when her mother will think of herself and talk to her?

Children naturally love their mothers, and even Changsheng, who is naturally unresponsive, likes to be with his mother. It's just that Yu Qiuqu was too busy, busy receiving nobles from all over the world, busy managing the housework, busy adding fragrance to her husband's red sleeves, busy missing her son who left...

There is even less time left for longevity.


		