

"I still remember that it was midnight, the full moon was like a jade plate, and the moonlight shone on the road, as if sprinkled with salt. At this time, I was practicing under the moonlight. Suddenly, a voice asked me if I wanted to practice with him. I turned around and looked , a white-bearded grandfather appeared behind him. The old man was dressed in white, with white beard and white hair, fluttering like a fairy. The white-bearded grandfather said that I am a once-in-a-million-year genius who wants to pass on all the knowledge I have learned in my life. Give it to me, so I agreed. From now on, the old man with white beard will come over every night to pass on my supernatural powers..."

When Li Youcai heard this, his eyes widened. "Where is the white-bearded grandfather's immortal residence? What's his name?"

"I don't know where Grandpa White Beard resides in the fairyland, and who is his last name. Grandpa White Beard taught me for half a month before leaving, saying that the relationship between us is over. However, Grandpa White Beard Before I left, I said something that stuck in my memory.”

Li Youcai looked curious, and asked impatiently: "What did you say? Is it some secret or powerful spell?"

Seeing that Li Youcai and Xiao Huihui looked like curious babies, Chen Wenqing held back her smile, shook her head and said seriously.

"Baiyujing in the sky, five cities on the twelfth floor."

"The fairy caresses my head, and the hair is tied for longevity."

Hearing this, Chen Youcai was shocked. He pointed to Chen Wenqing and said, "Immortal fate, this is fairy fate! The Baiyujing in the sky, the twelfth floor and five cities. Immortals caress my top, and my hair is tied to receive longevity. This is not a fairyland, what is it! "

"Brother, you have been taken in by an immortal! The talismans, Taoism, and spells you have learned are all immortal arts!"

"No wonder! No wonder senior brother has never heard of Taoist spells. It turned out to be taught by an immortal! The immortal came down to teach senior brother the magical powers of immortality. It must have a lot of meaning."

Li Youcai said excitedly at this time: "Senior brother, I heard that the heaven will send a great mission to the people, and there must be a meaning. If people are cut off today, and the people are dying, the immortals will come down to the world to pass on the magic to senior brother. Senior brother, do you know what this means?" What are you wearing?"

Chen Wenqing's heart moved, she smiled and said, "What does it mean?"

"It means that senior brother, you have to shoulder the mission of the human race. As an emissary of immortals, travel the world, slay demons and eliminate demons, in exchange for the righteous way in the world, Haijing Boping!"

Chen Wenqing heard the words, but did not refute. Because walking the world, slaying demons and demons is indeed his life's wish. It's just that, at this time, his own strength is too weak, and even self-protection is a problem.

"Okay, Junior Brother. Let's talk about walking the world and killing demons later. Now our cultivation base is shallow, and it is difficult to even protect ourselves. For everything, we have to improve our cultivation base!"

"Hahaha... what brother said is true. Please rest assured, brother. From today on, I, Li Youcai, will be my brother's protector. I will definitely protect brother to prove the way, walk the world, and protect the common people!"

Chen Wenqing shook her head and said, "Junior brother, I'm just joking, don't take it seriously. Protecting the common people is too far away for us. Let's finish the task before us first and improve our strength as soon as possible!"

After Chen Wenqing finished speaking, she gently closed her eyes, held the spirit stone in her hand, and began to practice by running the "Shangqing Lingbao Manual".

In the past, cultivation relied on entraining qi, absorbing qi, and luck, and absorbing the free spirit qi between heaven and earth into the whole body. Although there is the "Shangqing Lingbao Mantra", but I have a five-element mixed spirit root constitution, and my practice speed is still much slower.

However, at this time, holding the spirit stone for the first time to practice, I felt a huge difference.

First of all, the aura contained in the spirit stone is pure and powerful, and it is effortless to absorb. In addition, the speed of cultivating with spirit stones is much faster than absorbing the spirit energy between heaven and earth.

The majestic spiritual energy traveled all over the body, breaking through the barriers like mountains roaring and tsunamis. White smoke billowed from the top of Chen Wenqing's head, and the whole body was filled with fresh air, and the atmosphere was extraordinary. This was the performance of reaching the peak of Qi refining.

night, already deep.

Beside the fire where the three of them were sitting, Chen Wenqing was still practicing, while Li Youcai was already asleep, and snoring could be heard from time to time.

At this time, a cloudy wind blew past, blowing a gust of cold air, and the fire made a crackling sound. Xiao Huihui opened her eyes and saw a female ghost in red floating outside the gate of the Taoist temple, and was about to come towards the Taoist temple.

"Big Brother, Big Brother, wake up. A ghost is coming!"

"Fat uncle, wake up quickly, don't sleep! A ghost is coming..."

Xiao Huihui woke up Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai one after another. Xiao Huihui had a serious expression on her face, holding a burning firewood in her hand, and was ready to fight.

"There are really fierce ghosts attacking!" Chen Wenqing woke up from her practice, and frowned when she saw the fierce ghosts wandering around the entrance of the Tao not far away.

"Why doesn't He come in?" Xiao Huihui looked at the red-clothed ghost outside the Taoist temple, and kept lingering.

"Although this Taoist temple is dilapidated, the statue of Sanqing is still there, and the divinity has not completely dissipated. This ghost is probably trying to come in, but it seems that the divinity of this dilapidated Taoist temple cannot stop this ghost." Li Youcai said.

"Brother, please make plans early. This ghost is equivalent to a cultivator at the Foundation Establishment Realm, and it may be more troublesome to deal with. Once possessed by a ghost, it will be very dangerous."

Li Youcai continued: "Confucianism is good for dealing with monsters, but it is not enough for dealing with ghosts. Unless you cultivate the Confucianism into a noble spirit. Otherwise, the Confucianism will not be of much help. This battle depends on the senior brother." .”

Chen Wenqing nodded, and said: "Junior Brother, Xiao Huihui will be taken care of by you. This ghost, I will definitely let him come and go!"

As soon as he finished speaking, he saw the fierce ghost outside the Taoist temple raised a terrifying face and smiled miserably at the three of them.

"Bold and monstrous! Dare!"

Chen Wenqing pulled out the mahogany sword on his back, chanting incantations urgently.

"Taishang Taixing, constantly responding to changes, exorcising evil spirits, protecting life and protecting body, wisdom is clear and pure, mind is peaceful, three souls are eternal, soul is never lost, Taishang Laojun is as urgent as a law!"

I saw a golden light emitting from the mahogany sword, striking towards the ghost.

"Little Taoist priest, I didn't expect you to have a pretty face and a big temper, and you will deal with the slaves like this as soon as you come up."

Li Gui's figure fluttered, but he easily dodged the golden light.

"Monster, where do you run away! Eat my sword..." Chen Wenqing stepped on the seven stars, stepping on the bucket, and raised the mahogany sword to strike at the female ghost.

"Hee hee hee...Little Taoist priest, did you learn your swordsmanship from someone in the boudoir? You are so weak and weak, you want to play with my slave..." The female ghost snarled There was a smile on his face, but he giggled, which made people feel creepy.

"Play? What are you playing? I'm playing with your sister!"

The female ghost was extremely fast, and Chen Wenqing, who had never learned swordsmanship at all, couldn't even touch the female ghost, and couldn't help feeling furious.

"Oh... my little brother is still angry. If you want to play, my little sister will accompany you to the end. My little sister's game is very fun. After playing it, many young brothers say yes!"

"Little sister not only knows how to flow in small rivers, but also manages Bao's friends..."

Chen Wenqing's face was dark as he listened, and Li Youcai who was standing behind was also stunned by the female ghost's tiger-wolf words.

The goddamn little river flows, and Guan Bao is the friend!

"Monster, you are courting death!"

Chen Wenqing dropped the mahogany sword in his hand, took out a stack of talismans from the cloth bag, pinched the finger formulas in his hands, and said in his mouth.

"Six Fives and Six Selfs, the evil spirits will stop themselves. Six Gengs and Six Xins, the evil spirits will divide themselves. Six Rens and Six Guis, the evil spirits will be shattered! Absolute evil mantra, hurry like a law!"

The talisman ignited spontaneously without fire, turning into balls of raging fire and hitting towards the ghost.

Li Gui looked at the balls of fire coming, but there was no way to avoid it, and said in a cold tone: "Little brother, you are really unfeeling! It would be great if you followed me, because I have a deep love for you. Then, don't blame the slave family suck you dry!"

"Yeah..."

The female ghost let out a shrill scream, and a sound wave rang out in the spirits of the crowd. Li Youcai covered his head and rolled on the ground, and Xiao Huihui also fell to the ground and groaned in pain.

"Ah...my head hurts so much, brother, help me!"

"Big Brother, Little Huihui's head hurts!"


		