

Bai Wuchang frowned, and seemed to have grasped a trace of truth from Chen Wenqing's words, but it was not very clear.

Although Chen Wenqing still looks like a thirteen or fourteen-year-old boy, no one really treats him as a fledgling boy now. Chen Wenqing is courageous and resourceful, and has been recognized by everyone.

"Chunyangzi, please explain to everyone in detail, what is a spark that can start a prairie fire!"

Chen Wenqing said: "A single spark can start a prairie fire. The implication is to place the immortal god and the yin god in the City God's Mansion at the same time, and gather the power that can currently protect our human race. Watch and help each other, and protect the common people together.”

"Now that people are separated, many gods have been stolen by demons and goblins, so I suggest that Yin Si can secretly collect these gods and give them to suitable people. In this way, the power of our human race will definitely increase greatly. "

After Chen Wenqing finished speaking, Wei Zheng was the first to chime in and said: "Good strategy! This will indeed greatly increase the power of our human race. However, this matter is too important, and now it can only be done in secret to ensure that this small fire will not happen." off."

Bai Wuchang had no objections from everyone, and he said decisively: "Since this is the case, then this matter can be carried out from Poyang County. If the effect is good, then I will report this matter to Lord Yan and promote it within the territory of Jin State. It is not too late In a few days, we can start preparing the incense tablet for offering."

Wei Zheng nodded and said, "But there is one more thing. Now that it has been decided to house Poyang River God, Fuyun Mountain God, and City God together, this mansion should not be called City God's Yam anymore. I think the name should be changed. right."

Chen Wenqing suggested: "Our original intention is to protect the common people and kill demons. If that's the case, why not call it the Division of Demon Slayers? What do you guys think?"

"Demon Slayer and Demon Slayer?" Bai Wuchang chewed these words, and said, "Very good! Then call it Demon Slayer and Demon Slayer!"

After finishing speaking, he waved his sleeves and saw the big characters of City God's Office on the plaque, which were replaced by the big characters of "Devil Slayer and Exorcist".

The Department of Demon Slayer and Demon Slayer has been established at this moment!

At the moment when the Department of Demon Slayer and Demon Slayer was established, the people of Limin in Poyang County all understood the emergence of this new organization. As for the role of the Demon Slayer and Demon Slayer, the common people also understand.

Chen Wenqing saw that this matter has been settled, and the rest is actually a matter of the world, so he said: "The Poyang county magistrate has mediocre ability and is not good enough to protect Poyang county. Xiaodao suggests changing to someone with stronger ability." The county magistrate is better."

Bai Wuchang heard the words, waved his hand and said: "We are only responsible for the affairs of the underworld, and the affairs of the yangworld have nothing to do with us. This matter must be handled by the people of the yangworld."

Wei Zheng's heart moved, he stroked his white beard and said, "This matter is easy to handle! Although the old man has resigned from office for many years, there are still many old disciples in the court. It must not be a big problem to arrange a competent county magistrate."

Chen Wenqing nodded. , said softly: "Guarding the people of one side is not only the responsibility of the underworld, but more responsibilities lie with the officials of the yang world. This plan must be promoted jointly by the underworld and the yang world, so the magistrate of Poyang County must be a trustworthy person." Can."

I saw that Chen Wenqing walked up to Wei Zhengshen, bowed, and said, "Xiaodao suggested, how about letting Xu Changling, a disciple of Mr. Wei, take up the post of county magistrate?"

"It's more than enough to be the magistrate of Poyang with Changling's ability. It's just that Changling is the old man's disciple, and the old man personally arranges his own disciples to come in, so I feel..."

"Old Wei, since ancient times there has been a saying that one should not shy away from one's relatives. I think Xu Changling is just right to be the magistrate of Poyang County. Otherwise, if this plan is leaked, it will not be conducive to the promotion of the entire Jin country in the future."

Bai Wuchang heard the words and said, "Since that's the case, this matter is settled!"

Wei Zheng no longer objected at this time, and said: "This old man will present a memorial to the Emperor Jin and confer the post of Poyang County Magistrate on Xu Changling. Now that Changling has reached the level of Confucianism and Taoism, it is more than enough to obtain the post of county magistrate. .”


the next day.

The gate of the Demon Slayer and Demon Slayer Division has been surrounded with water tight, and people from Li are constantly coming in and out, burning incense, praying, and worshiping the gods.

"My Poyang County is finally protected by immortal gods. Now there are not only city gods, but also the newly promoted river god Fuyun Mountain God, which is really a blessing for my Poyang County!"

"Great! With Mr. Wei as the City God, I will be guaranteed in Poyang County."

"It's unheard of to merge the gods and gods of the underworld into one government office!"

"Since ancient times, the City God's Mansion has only worshiped the City God, and the mountain gods are worshiped in the Mountain God Temple...Nowadays, the gods are all in one mansion, and it is much more convenient for me to wait for the little people to worship."

"Blessed by the gods! Bless my Chenjiazhuang with good weather and prosperity..."


Today, the people of Limin in Poyang County already know that the new Poyang River God and the Fuyun Mountain God are the same person.

When the dragon was slaughtered that day, the scene of Chen Wenqing standing in mid-air has been witnessed by the people of the entire Poyang County. With the power of faith and incense, the grand scene of Chen Wenqing dropping the huge rock from Fuyun Mountain from the sky is still vividly remembered by the common people.

Now, the people of Poyang County are all very happy. They believe that there are such powerful mountain gods, river gods, and city gods guarding one side, which should ensure the peace of the people.

The people of Limin in Poyang County flocked to the Department of Slaying Demons and Eliminating Demons to offer incense and pray for safety. For a while, the incense was very strong, and the power of thoughts was continuously transmitted to the Mountain God Token and the River God Token. The two tokens floated quietly in Chen Wenqing's spiritual consciousness space, slightly warming up.

With the continuous influx of incense and mind power, Chen Wenqing was very sure that the incense would be of great help to the cultivation of Yin God and Immortal God.

It can be said that the more powerful the incense and thoughts, the faster the cultivation speed of the immortal gods, and the corresponding strength will become stronger in the long run.

"No wonder it is said that people fight for one breath, and gods fight for one stick of incense!"

Chen Wenqing gained a lot from going down the mountain this time. Not only did her cultivation greatly increase, but she also had a much clearer understanding of this world.

In the previous life, people put the word "immortal" together, but in fact, in this world, there is an essential difference between "god" and "immortal".

The first difference is that gods are reincarnated after death, confer priesthood, practice with the power of incense and mind, and accept prayers from believers as priests, and give blessings to believers. Therefore, generally speaking, gods are physically destroyed and their souls become gods.

And fairy. That is, those who use their own magic power to transcend between heaven and earth, and cultivate in the secular world the day after tomorrow, will suffer all kinds of hardships, overcome calamities and ascend, and attain Taoism and immortality. Anyone who achieves immortality through long-term practice is an immortal.

The second difference is that gods are officials in the sky and are governed by the laws of heaven.

Immortals, on the other hand, have no official position, are not bound, are free and unrestrained, and are not in the six realms of reincarnation.

at this time.

Chen Wenqing and others are already on their way back to Zixia Temple, and the five tasks Chen Wenqing received have all been completed.

All went well on the way back.

Along the way, Chen Wenqing felt a steady stream of incense and thoughts pouring into her body. The aura circulates in the meridians by itself, and the movement of the qi is very smooth like a surging river, but my body seems to be undergoing different changes every moment.

"The "Shangqing Lingbao Manual" is really a very profound cultivation method! No matter how complicated the aura is, after being transported, it can remove the chaff and keep the truth, making the aura extremely pure. Now, there is no need to worry about the The cultivation speed is too fast, which leads to the instability of the realm."

Chen Wenqing silently sorted out the gains from this downhill trip. Although it was the first time downhill, the gains were very significant.

There are two main gains from this trip, one is to get a spiritual pet, Xiao Huihui. The second is to obtain the approval of the Yin Division, not only to obtain the position of the God of Fuyun Mountain, but also to become the God of Poyang River, not to mention the Qi Xing Pill used in the cultivation of the Foundation Establishment Realm, which is countless treasures of heaven and earth.

Of course, in the end, Chen Wenqing has found a way to solve the slow practice of five elements miscellaneous spirit roots, and that is to use the power of incense and fire to speed up practice.

Chen Wenqing thought about all this silently. In addition to the power of incense and fire, he actually gained a lot of merit power after killing the dragon, but until now, Chen Wenqing still didn't understand how to use the power of merit. He released the golden light of merit in his body and felt the brilliance of merit. Although it is not yet possible to confirm the use of this merit, he has already felt the extraordinary merit.

"These merits and virtues should be obtained by beheading the dragon! But I don't know why, only I can obtain merits and virtues, why the others don't have merits. Could it be that all of this has something to do with the cultivation method?"

Chen Wenqing thought to himself that Jiaolong was actually killed by Li Youcai, but he did not see the power of merit in him. In addition, Elder Wei also made great efforts on this trip, and there is no merit.

"Judging from these few fights, my biggest problem should be that my body is too weak. Once the evil spirits get close, I have almost no resistance. There is only a golden light spell to protect the body, but this is also a defensive method. I still lack A method of close combat."

Chen Wenqing tightly held the Dragon Slaying Sword in his hand, and secretly said: "Now, I have the Dragon Slaying Sword in my hand, so the first choice must be swordsmanship. I don't know if the contribution value of this mission can be exchanged for a powerful sword. Sword art?!"

"In addition, before leaving, Senior Brother Zhang Qian seemed to have revealed that the upcoming competition with the Academy of Arts can only be won, not defeated. It seems that Senior Brother Zhang Qian should know something inside, but it is not convenient to say it now."

Chen Wenqing carefully felt that her condition was unprecedentedly good, and she had reached the peak of the foundation building stage before she knew it, and she couldn't help being full of confidence: "If this is the case, then I will win this gambling fight first!"

"I will win this battle!"


		