

The moonlight is like water, and the water is like the sky.

From the sky above the nine heavens, it poured down.

Chen Wenqing stood on the red-sleeve Zhaolou boat, and the bright moonlight cast a clear light, reflecting Chen Wenqing's peerless appearance even more out of the world.

"When is the bright moon? Ask the blue sky for wine."

Chen Wenqing raised his head and took a sip of the pile of flower wine, and began to chant.

"I don't know the palace in the sky, what year it is. I want to ride the wind and go home, but I'm afraid that the high places will be too cold."

Chen Wenqing raised his hand, and the dragon-slaying sword flew out. Chen Wenqing held the sword in his hand and danced the sword.

The sword light turned into a streamer of light, dancing in the dark night.

Chen Wenqing's elegant figure, arrogant appearance and demeanor made all the Confucian disciples present feel ashamed.

"Dancing clear shadow, like in the world."

Chen Wenqing leaped ten feet, stepped on the seven stars, and stood up out of thin air.

"Turn to the Vermilion Pavilion, low Qihu, illuminate without sleep."

When Chen Wenqing thought of his previous life, he couldn't help being filled with emotion, and suddenly felt that he was extremely lonely in this world.

"There shouldn't be any hatred, what's the matter of longing for farewell?"

Spiritual Qi surrounds the whole body, drifts down from the sky, and continues to dance the sword under the moonlight.

Chen Wenqing danced so affectionately.

He raised his head and took a sip of the pile of flower wine, feeling full of pride in his chest, and roared loudly.

"People have joys and sorrows, and the moon waxes and wanes. This matter has never been complete in ancient times."

Chen Wenqing slowly poured the Duan Hua Niang from the gourd, the Dui Hua Niang fell like a galaxy, and the clear and strong aroma of the wine permeated the entire Hongxiu move!

Chen Wenqing raised his glass to the moon and drank together, as if the world could no longer tolerate his independent figure.

At this moment, he is like an immortal from the Nine Heavens.

"Nung, moon and new moon."

Chen Wenqing drank the last sip of Duihuaniang in one gulp, looked up to the sky and sighed, and finished reciting the last line of the poem.

And the Dragon Slaying Sword also returned to the scabbard.

The night sky was full of stars, and the moonlight covered the entire building, but the fourth floor of the building was silent.

Everyone was shocked by Chen Wenqing's poem, afraid to break this wonderful moment.

They looked at Chen Wenqing's figure standing alone under the moonlight, and felt ashamed.

I am afraid that only the Immortals are worthy of the peerless demeanor.

Jiankang Rusheng talented scholars are all silent.

They knew very well in their hearts that once this poem chanting the moon came out, no one would dare to write poems chanting the moon in the next few hundred years.

This poem will last forever!

They understand that even if Confucian saints are born again, it is still unknown whether such a poem can be written, let alone them.

For this, they are self-aware.

Talent, talent, and inspiration are indispensable for the birth of peerless poetry.

They understand that after today, the fame of Hongxiu Zhao will be well-known in the entire Kyushu world.

And as witnesses of this poem, they will also be honored.

Thinking of this, the faces of the Confucian scholars on the fourth floor showed wine red due to excitement.

"Peerless good words! This is a peerless good word! Once this word comes out, there will be no other poetry in the world that can compete with it!"

"This is a fairy! Only a real fairy who lives above the nine heavens can write such fairy-like poems! My generation admires it!"

"This poem is eternal! Poetry is second to none in the world, but it's a pity that Mr. Chen is not my Confucian! It hurts, it hurts!"

"As soon as this poem comes out, it will become famous all over the world! Chen Wenqing will be famous throughout Confucianism and Taoism from then on..."


Confucian scholars on the fourth floor all praised it one after another, as if the birth of this poem had a great relationship with them.

"Brother..."

Li Youcai watched Chen Wenqing burst into tears, he choked up!

He had long believed that his brother was a man from heaven. Today, I verified my guess again!

Li Youcai was very aware of Chen Wenqing's unrestrained actions today, obviously Chen Wenqing was trying to find a place for him.

And at this time.

The Confucian scholars who had scolded Chen Wenqing for speaking out loud before also bowed their heads.

Especially the gifted scholar who had vowed to eat the marble table looked at the hard marble table and felt worried!

He had a bitter face, thinking that with his own teeth, it might not be so delicious. Even if you eat it, you may not be able to digest it!

Sure enough, I am still superficial!

The world is so big, there are so many geniuses and evildoers!

Today, Chen Wenqing really slapped their faces, pressed their faces to the ground, and rubbed them back and forth.

The floor was rubbed by him into a smooth mirror.

Everyone took a photo on the top and found that the clown turned out to be themselves.

This kind of embarrassment makes me want to find a seam in the ground and get in.

"Young master, my lady welcomes you!"

A crisp voice came, and I saw a young and beautiful woman in green gauze standing in front of Chen Wenqing.

"Who is your young lady?" Chen Wenqing asked suspiciously.

The woman in Tsing Yi gestured towards the dim place on the fifth floor, and saw a woman in white leaning against the railing, smiling at Chen Wenqing.

"is her?"

Chen Wenqing's heart skipped a beat.

When he was reciting poems and dancing swords, he saw her inadvertently.

Looking at it carefully now, it is even more amazing.

I saw a woman in white wearing a gold hairpin on her head and emerald jade on her waist. A pearl is intertwined with a jade body, but a tree is difficult among corals. Luo Yi is so fluttering, and the light train is far away with the wind.

Gu Pan is glorious, his face is like a lotus, and his eyebrows are like willows. The eyes that are more charming than peach blossoms are very attractive, the skin is like snow, shining under the scattering of moonlight, filled with fairy spirit, calm and composed, elegant and refined, just like a goddess descending to earth without eating fireworks...

At this situation, even Chen Wenqing was stunned!

"What a beautiful woman, just one glance, and it will be unforgettable for a lifetime!"

Chen Wenqing's heart trembled.

"Little girl Qingniao, I have met Young Master Chen. So that Young Master can know that my young lady is Liu Rumei, the owner of the red sleeve move.

The son's three peerless poems were very famous for a while, and my young lady also admired them, and hope to invite the son to go to the fifth floor for a narration..."

The blue bird gave a salute and said.

"What?! Ms. Liu Rumei actually invited a man to the fifth floor. This is the first time..."

"That's right! I've never heard of a man who can go up to the fifth floor... But with Mr. Chen's talents, he deserves this courtesy!"

"It seems that even Miss Liu Rumei, who is so gorgeous in the world, can't resist the double charm of peerless poetry and peerless grace..."


When everyone was full of emotion, Mr. Xue's face was ashen.

He was extremely jealous!

If there is a mirror at this time, it can be found that the boundless jealousy makes his face hideous and ugly.

"It's unreasonable! A little Taoist priest is not even a beginner in Confucianism and Taoism. How can he compose such poems?"

"Why did he win Miss Liu Rumei's favor! The fifth floor of Hongxiu Zhao is Liu Rumei's boudoir. This is the place I dream of entering..."

"Damn! Hateful! I don't accept it!"

Jealousy made Mr. Xue completely unrecognizable, but there was nothing he could do.

Chen Wenqing's three poems, to be honest, he can't compare them all.

What talent?

When you meet Chen Wenqing, you will become bleak.

This sense of powerlessness drives people crazy.

He seems to be like the bright moon in the night sky, and no bright star can compete with the bright moon.

Under the gaze of everyone, Chen Wenqing climbed up the steps, met Liu Rumei's gentle eyes, entered the fifth floor of the red sleeve move, and disappeared in front of everyone.

"Tonight, I'm afraid it will be a sleepless night for countless Jiankang talents..."

Blue Bird looked at the dejected Jiankang talents on the fourth floor, like eggplants beaten by frost, and could no longer arouse any interest.

corner edge.

Li Youcai was different from the others, he was sitting alone next to the moon, sometimes laughing, sometimes drinking happily.

Seeing this, Qingniao pondered for a moment, then walked towards Li Youcai.

"This person seems to be Mr. Chen's younger brother. I heard that he is also from Jixia Academy, but I don't know how talented he is..."

And at this time.

When Chen Wenqing stepped up to the fifth floor, Liu Rumei was already looking at him at the top of the stairs on the fifth floor, smiling winkingly.

Chen Wenqing felt that the whole world lit up.

Just at this glance, Chen Wenqing remembered a poem, he said.

"There are beauties in the north, who remain independent from the world."

"One look at the city of people, and then look at the country of people."

"Ning don't know the beauty of the city and the country, a beautiful woman is hard to come by again."


		