

Chen Wenqing rubbed her swollen head and got up from the lake pavilion.

at this time.

The moon is already high in the sky, and the night sky is full of stars.

"hiss…"

Chen Wenqing felt the swelling pain in her meridians and dantian, and took a breath.

"This old man won't give me a fake bar?"

"It's just too exciting?!"

Chen Wenqing looked around and found that the little old man had long since disappeared, leaving him alone in the pavilion in the middle of the lake.

"What's the matter with my swollen and painful spiritual power?"

Chen Wenqing felt that she was like a balloon full of air, which was about to explode.

The surging aura surged and roared in Chen Wenqing's body, and he felt that every breath of air he exhaled was filled with aura.

"No! If this continues, I'm afraid I will be the first ascetic to be killed by spiritual energy..."

Chen Wenqing took the opportunity to sit down.

The moonlight shone on the clear brilliance of the lake and fell on Chen Wenqing's face. He began to run the "Shangqing Lingbao Manual".

As Chen Wenqing practiced, the huge spiritual energy gathered and compressed, and entered the golden core.

But Chen Wenqing found that his golden core had already been filled with a lot of aura, and it would be very difficult to absorb it again.

"The golden core can't swallow so much spiritual energy!"

Chen Wenqing frowned, really couldn't think of what happened to her body, why such a huge amount of aura appeared out of thin air.

"Such surging aura can only be used to practice new exercises..."

"But, what kind of exercise is better to practice?"

Chen Wenqing went through all of his exercises.

Because of the problem of the spirit, the way of talismans can no longer be practiced.

And the practice of dragon-slaying swordsmanship has nothing to do with aura itself, it is purely based on understanding.

The only thing left is "Tianyantong", and the newly obtained Buddhist supernatural power "Fudo Mingwang Fuhuo".

"Tianyantong" is related to the realm of cultivation.

However, due to his five-element miscellaneous spiritual root aptitude, I am afraid that it will be difficult to improve his cultivation for a long time.

In this way, the "Tianyan clairvoyance" cannot be improved.

"Now we can only try to move the anger of King Ming."

"Fudo Mingwang's supernatural power of anger and fire can refine the body, which can just make up for the weakness of the physical body..."

Chen Wenqing contemplated "Fudo Ming Wang's Fury" in his soul, and the image of Fudo Ming Wang was born in his heart, and he began to practice.

"Whoever sees my body will generate bodhicitta."

"Those who hear my name will stop evil and practice good."

"Those who hear my Dharma will gain great wisdom."

"He who knows my heart will become a Buddha."

As Chen Wenqing continued to bless and recite, a strange fragrance rose from the gray soul space, and the sound of Buddha rang around.

A multicolored Buddha's light shone, and the entire space of the soul became clear and bright, and a statue of Fudo Mingwang, which was more than a hundred feet high, became clearer and clearer, standing in the space of the soul, exuding endless majesty.

The king of Ming Dynasty wears five petal crowns on his head, representing five Buddhas or five Bodhisattvas, or decorated with five skulls and immovable Buddhas, representing the elimination of all evil obstacles.

This is not the first time Chen Wenqing has visualized the Dharma of the Ming King.

However, you can still feel the endless majesty from the Faxiang, which is daunting.

The cultivation of Fudo Ming's anger is simple to say. It is to visualize King Ming's angry dharma to produce King Ming's anger.

Of course, this anger is not extraordinary fire, but Buddha fire.

After the Buddha fire is born, it is fed with spiritual energy. The stronger the spiritual energy is, the more blazing and powerful the Buddha fire will be.

Finally, infuse the Buddha fire into the eight extraordinary meridians, the body and blood, and burn, temper, and exercise the body.

After burning and exercising with Buddha fire, the flesh and blood, meridians, and internal organs have been separated and reorganized, and fully stimulated and tempered, so that the physical body becomes stronger.

Buddha fire can also penetrate into every cell of the body.

Fudo Ming Wang's anger is cultivated, as long as the mind moves, the Buddha fire will rise from the flesh, meridians, and lungs of the body, and shine on the whole body.

therefore.

Fudo Ming Wang's anger can not only defend himself, but also kill the enemy. It is a supernatural power that combines offense and defense!

Chen Wenqing contemplated "Fudo Ming Wang's Fury" in the soul, and carefully interpreted its true meaning.

"The eight extraordinary meridians are the foundation of the body and the source of qi and blood. The foundation of solidifying the qi and keeping the qi, nourishing the qi and transforming the root of the week's weather and sea. It is divided into yin and yang, and contains metal, wood, water, fire, and the five elements of earth. force."

"Practitioners temper their physical bodies, and they need the power of the five elements in order to be able to understand the will of the heavens, so as to obtain sufficient true energy to replenish themselves."

"If you gather all the power of the five elements, you will be able to achieve great success without moving the Dharma of King Ming's wrath."

Chen Wenqing's heart moved, but he didn't expect that the power of the five elements would be needed to practice this "Fudo Ming Wang's Fury".

"However, it's okay!"

"I have metal-type spiritual power in my body, which is just right for cultivating Fudo Myoko's wrath."

at this time.

Chen Wenqing already understood the reason why the centipede spirit didn't practice "Fudo Ming Wang's Fury".

It turns out that the requirement for practicing this technique is that spiritual energy alone is not enough, and the strength of the five elements is also required to practice.

Chen Wenqing was determined, and visualized the image of King Fudo Ming, urging the surging aura in the golden elixir to gather in the image.

I don't know how much time passed, and finally, two clusters of faint Buddha flames appeared in Fudo Ming Wang Faxiang's eyes.

The buddha fire was born, and it was clearly extinguished, as if it might be extinguished at any time.

"It's now!"

Chen Wenqing mobilized the spiritual energy in his whole body, and rushed towards the two balls of Buddha fire.

"Boom..."

"Boom..."

The two balls of Buddha flames encountered the nourishment of the spiritual energy, and there were two loud explosions... The flames were so fierce that they turned into golden Buddha flames, and they were reflected on the body of Fudo Ming Wang Faxiang.

Buddha fire has been completed!

In one go, Chen Wenqing extracted the Buddha fire from King Fudo Ming's body and introduced it into the meridians.

The Buddha fire entered Chen Wenqing's meridians, and then traveled throughout the body, entering the flesh, internal organs, and even bones...

"what…"

Chen Wenqing let out a scream, and the scorching Buddha fire burned Chen Wenqing's body from the inside to the outside, scorching black.

He felt his blood was boiling, his flesh and meridians were being broken and torn, and even Chen Wenqing could vaguely smell the meaty fragrance emanating from his body...

"I'm getting ready..."

Chen Wenqing intends to keep the golden elixir, but does not visualize the Dharma of the Ming king.

body, do not move.

Heart, do not move.

Read, don't move.

God, don't move.

Immediately, King Ming's body exuded colorful Buddha light, and the sound of Buddha sounded, reshaping and repairing Chen Wenqing's fragmented body one by one...

but.

The Buddha fire did not go out, but continued to burn...

As a result, Chen Wenqing's body was being destroyed and reshaped, and his aura became stronger and stronger.

However, it is not enough.

If one wants to cultivate the body of Fudo Ming King, one needs to refine it with the power of the five elements.

Therefore, Chen Wenqing introduced the spiritual power of the gold system into the Buddha fire to be tempered and calcined.

Just like, calcining a sword!

The spiritual power of the gold system, the heavenly stems and the earth receive its Geng Shen, and it is the five elements of fine gold.

After absorbing the spiritual power of the gold system, Chen Wenqing's body was like red-hot fine iron, tempered by the Buddha's fire and turned into steel.

finally.

I don't know how many times of destruction and rebirth, the Buddha's flame went out.

However, Chen Wenqing's spiritual energy was exhausted and he fell into a coma.

Under the moonlight, in the pavilion in the middle of the lake.

Only a scorched black body remained, with fluorescent lights flashing inside the body, as if something was brewing.

The breeze is blowing.

The scorched black body peeled off piece by piece like weathered walls, revealing a crystal clear body emitting a faint gleam.

this body.

The body is like glass, clear inside and out, pure and unblemished.

Under the calcination of the Buddha fire, Chen Wenqing has undergone tremendous changes from the inside out.

Sexuality is like a bright king, immovability is like a mountain

Follow the King Kong, indestructible

Body like glass, clear inside and outside

The heart is like black iron, indomitable.

This is the body of Fudo Mingo!


		