

Chen Wenqing saw that Zhang Qian's emotions were aroused by his few words, and said with a light smile: "A master fights, and the winner can be distinguished in a short while; if life and death are fought, you can't be careless at all..."

"Hahaha...", Zhang Qian laughed loudly, and said, "It seems that the younger brother has already experienced it deeply, so it's great..."

at this time.

Chen Wenqing suppressed the smile on his face, and said with an extremely serious expression: "Brother, I have never used this sword on anyone before."

"This sword is too powerful. It is conservatively estimated that it will be more than ten times stronger than the sword that kills evil."

"Once I cast it, there will be no return. Now I can't retract it freely, so please don't be careless, brother!"

When Zhang Qian heard Chen Wenqing's words, he was extremely surprised, and his expression became more serious.

After all, the sword of killing evil is already extremely powerful. If it weren't for Zhang Qian's cultivation base being much higher than Chen Wenqing's, he really wouldn't be able to kill Xie next.

"The power is ten times stronger than that of killing evil? What a stunning and brilliant sword!!"

Zhang Qian's heart moved, but he was not worried at all. I saw him looking up to the sky and screaming, his domineering side leaked.

"Hahaha…"

"Junior brother, since there is such a sword, wouldn't it be a pity if I didn't know it?"

"A person who cultivates the Tao is going against the sky. As the saying goes, if you hear the Tao in the morning, you will die in the evening!"

"Junior brother, please don't hold back, just do what you can!"

Chen Wenqing looked at Zhang Qian holding the Lengyue knife in his hand, exuding a strong fighting spirit all over his body, swallowing mountains and rivers with arrogance, and being unparalleled...

"it is good!"

Chen Wenqing was also affected by Zhang Qian's fighting spirit and held the Dragon Slaying Sword tightly.

"Senior brother's Dao of the sword is indomitable, and he cuts thousands of things. As a junior, of course, the Dao of the sword cannot lag behind others!"

Chen Wenqing circulated the "Shangqing Lingbao Manual" to mobilize the only remaining spiritual power in her body, wrapped in sharp metal-type spiritual power, and mobilized with the power of merit.

Put the three together on the sword body, and the dragon-slaying sword burst out with dazzling golden light.

In the Dragon Slaying Sword.

The fourteen real dragons seemed to have opened their eyes, their eyes illuminated the sky and the earth, exuding a terrifying aura.

With a flash, Chen Wenqing flew up to the sky, looking up to the sky and laughing.

"Hahaha…"

"Sword Qi spans thirty thousand miles, and a sword's light chills nineteen continents!"

"As soon as the dragon-slaying sword is released, the demons will bestow their heads, and the gods and demons will change, who will fight for the battle!"

"This sword said: Dragon Yin!"

"Brother, take the sword!"

Chen Wenqing unleashed the dragon-slaying sword, piercing the sky with a single sword, and the sound of dragon chant resounded throughout the world.

The sky seemed to be broken under Chen Wenqing's sword, revealing a light, shining brightly.

With a sword from Long Yin, with the power of thunder and fire, it split the sky in two, broke the nine heavens and revealed it, revealing the world hidden outside the clouds...

Vaguely, you can see the big characters of "Dongtianmen".

This sword can open the sky!

at this time.

Zhang Qian faced Chen Wenqing and chanted a sword, as if he was being targeted by fourteen ancient dragons.

The whole body seems to be imprisoned, and the movement of mana has become sluggish.

Above the sky, below the gate of heaven.

A ray of sky light poured down, shining on Zhang Qian's body.

Standing alone, standing between the sky and the earth, it seems so small.

Chen Wenqing chanted a sword with the power of thunder, lightning and sky fire, boundless and unmatched.

This sword is not a sword in the world!

Facing this sword, Zhang Qian's palms holding Lengyue Dao also broke out in cold sweat, and his heart felt cold for a while, showing signs of retreat, remorse, and fear.

"I can't resist such a sword anymore?"

"Why should I be brave and take this sword?"

"Today, am I going to fall here?"

"Sure enough, I'm still too arrogant..."


Between life and death, there is great terror!

Born in the heart, manifested in the body.

At this time.

The killing intent between heaven and earth seemed to be frozen, Zhang Qian examined the fear in his heart.

"It turns out that my invincible sword intent is not invincible!"

"It turns out that my xinxing is not perfect!"

"It turns out that this is my true heart!"

"So, this is the real me!"

The sound of dragon slaying sword and dragon chant shook the nine heavens, with the power of thunder and fire from heaven and earth, it engulfed Zhang Qian and annihilated everything...

Like a big sun, burn everything!

for a while.

The sky and the earth are pale, the sun and the moon are dark, and everything is quiet!

This sword is amazing.

Now, among the disciples of the various courtyards in the Daoist Field, none of them is sure that they can take this sword.

I even faintly feel that even Zhang Qian can't do it!

Long Yin's sword is obviously no longer a sword in the world!

Zhang Qian, maybe I can't take it?

If he can't take it, is it possible that Zhang Qian will die under this sword?

Thoughts arise from the bottom of everyone's hearts...

Just when everyone was horrified by Chen Wenqing's dragon chant sword, Zhang Qian's horrified expression had calmed down, and he actually closed his eyes at this moment.

"It takes Wukong to break the ghost game, and today I will know who I am!"

A silver-white blade lighted up from Zhang Qian's body, and blocked the golden Dragon Yin with a sword.

but.

Dao Gang is obviously not Jian Guang's opponent, just a touch, and it disperses...

Just when everyone was disappointed, another sword flew over quickly...

However, under the light of the sword, this blade dissipated and annihilated again...

If a sword is not enough, then be sure to say it!

immediately.

Tens of thousands of sword gangs rose from Zhang Qian's body one after another, and gathered in the sky to form a giant cold moon sword with a height of more than 50 feet...

"Hahaha...", a loud laugh came.

Amidst the thunder and fire, Zhang Qian finally opened his eyes.

A stalwart soul flew out of Zhang Qian's body, grew in the wind, and instantly turned into a giant of hundreds of feet.

In the dojo.

Everyone saw in the mid-air, a giant with a height of more than 100 zhang suddenly appeared.

I saw that this soul giant was completely exposed, and he looked exactly like Zhang Qian!

Everyone was horrified and couldn't help themselves.

"This is... Could it be Brother Zhang's Heaven and Earth Dharma Aspect?!"

"Senior Brother Zhang, you have broken through to the Out-of-Aperture Realm!"

"The soul is out of the body, and the law is like heaven and earth! It's amazing!"

"Senior brother Zhang, you are indeed the most talented person in Zixia Guan!"

"It seems that Wang Changjin's internal number one position may also be handed over..."

The giant in mid-air grasped it with one hand, lifted the Lengyue giant knife standing between the sky and the earth, jumped up into the sky, and slashed out with a knife.

"The World Sings!"

"kill!"

"The World Sings Overlordly" is Zhang Qian's ultimate trick.

As soon as this move is performed, the dense cold air dries up all the grasses, the frost fills the air, and the heaven and earth are filled with endless icy power.

The huge sword gang issued from the cold moon knife, merged with the sword light of the Dragon Slaying Sword...

Jian Guang and Dao Gang had been entangled for a long time, but in the end Jian Guang was the winner.

However, in the end, the move of "Dragon Yin" still defeated the sword gang of "Tianxia Bachang". Moreover, Jian Guang finally slashed at Zhang Qian's divine and spiritual image...

Fortunately, at this time, most of Long Yin's strength had been consumed.

Zhang Qian stretched out a giant hand from the Dharma Image of Heaven and Earth, and grasped the Dragon Yin Sword Light, only to find that there was an unstoppable sharp force of gold in the sword light, breaking the Dharma Image...

Zhang Qian's Faxiang was pushed back hundreds of feet by Jianguang, and finally stopped.

The method was covered with fine sword marks, but finally blocked this move of "Dragon Cry"!

"What a terrifying sword technique!"

"If I hadn't broken through to the Out-of-Aperture Realm at a critical moment! I'm afraid I'm going to die this time!"

With Zhang Qian's mind moving, the Dharma of Heaven and Earth shrank rapidly, turned into a streamer, and returned to Zhang Qian's body.

Although.

Zhang Qian finally blocked "Dragon Yin", but his body suffered serious injuries.

high in the air.

Zhang Qian's messy bun not only did not imply embarrassment, but added a bold and unrestrained spirit!

Zhang Qian came to Chen Wenqing with a flash, and bowed.

"Junior brother, your dragon chanting move is really unstoppable! It can be said that no one is invincible in the state of leaving the body!"

"The younger brother has such talent, and the younger brother is also very impressed. The younger brother has won this battle!"

"I keep my word, just tell me what dance you want to see..."

Chen Wenqing looked at the upright Zhang Qian in front of him, and she was even more admirable in her heart.

"Brother, you are serious, I lost this battle!"

Chen Wenqing also bowed to Zhang Qian and said: "If there is a real battle, I will definitely not be my opponent."

"Senior Brother Zhang can choose to avoid this move of Long Yin, but Senior Brother kept his promise and chose to stand still and take this move..."

Hearing this, Zhang Qian waved his hand.

"Thanks to my junior brother's dragon chanting sword, I broke through the shackles of the golden core and broke through to the state of leaving the aperture."

Zhang Qian's face was a little pale, but his eyes were full of hope and radiance.

"Junior brother, do you know how many monks are stuck in the golden core stage and can't break through for a lifetime..."

"This sword, at least saved me three years of hard work!"

Chen Wenqing smiled.

"This is also because you have accumulated a lot, senior brother, and you dare not take credit for it."

Seeing that Zhang Qian wanted to say something more, Chen Wenqing thought about it, and said loudly to everyone in the questioning field: "Brother Zhang's cultivation is unfathomable, and the power of the Dharma is infinite. I am very impressed, and I am willing to bow down!"

Chen Wenqing's clear voice wafted over the questioning field...

And at this time.

Gu Jing's eyes flickered, and he was horrified.

"This son is so talented, he must not stay!"


		