

"You are Chen Wenqing? The Qin Chenghuang you sent someone to notify?" Hei Wuchang asked calmly.

"Yes."

"Well, not bad!" Hei Wuchang nodded and said, "Evil, you should not be underestimated. You stand aside and leave this matter to you Seventh and Eighth Masters."

I saw that Hei Wuchang flipped his palms, and a black mourning stick appeared, on which black mysterious Yin Qi flowed. And Bai Wuchang, who was standing aside, also had a killing stick in his hand, and Black and White Wuchang stood in front of Zhang Tong.

"Fierce ghosts seduce souls, impermanence demands their lives!"

"Zhang Tong, you are dead, and you should have vanished in smoke long ago. Turning evil now is an infinite disaster for the common people in the world. Today, my two brothers came here to capture you, what do you have to say?"

Zhang Tong smiled lightly and said, "I didn't expect that I, Zhang Tong, would attract two great gods of the underworld. It's really flattering."

Zhang Tong raised his finger to the sky, urging the billowing thunder to strike at the black and white impermanence.

"Now I have become evil. Evil, do not fall into the six realms, do not fall into samsara, neither birth nor death!"

"Wait, what can I do?"

Black and white Wuchang looked at each other, the mourning stick and the killing stick struck together, and a black chain was sent out under the collision of Yin and Yang, winding towards Zhang Tong. The chain carries the aura of wind, thunder and mystery, and ordinary ghosts and gods will be wiped out if they touch it.

"Hooking the soul and locking the soul?" Zhang Tong shook his head, manipulating Yin Lei with one hand, and said, "It's a pity that I'm an evil, not a ghost! I don't even have a soul. What do you two masters use to lock me?"

A thunderbolt fell against the chains, and the two hit each other, making a deafening sound. For a moment, the entire night sky was illuminated by lightning, making it impossible for people to see.

"The two masters are impartial and selfless, and I admire their style of conduct very much." Zhang Tong said softly, "However, the two avatars must catch ghosts and subdue demons. Today, only one avatar came here, did you underestimate an evil spirit?" gone?"

Bai Wuchang looked at the huge tornado and thunder in front of him, and said: "Although evil is rare, it is indeed difficult to deal with. However, our two brothers have practiced for thousands of years, and it is not the first time we have dealt with evil. Although, it cannot be killed. You, but it can seal you and obliterate you!"

After Bai Wuchang finished speaking, the two nodded in tacit understanding, and followed the Taiji Yinyang Tiangang footwork with both feet, quickly forming a Yinyang Bagua formation.

White Impermanence belongs to yang, and should occupy the yang position of Tai Chi formation. Black impermanence belongs to yin, and should occupy the yin position of Tai Chi formation. When yin and yang complement each other, the Tai Chi formation is formed.

At this time, a huge Tai Chi formation appeared above the entire Zhangjia Town, covering the entire Zhangjia Town under the formation. On the Taiji array diagram, the Yin and Yang streams circulate continuously, emitting black and white rays of light, shining on Zhang Tong's body from the sky.

"what......"

Zhang Tong uttered a scream under the irradiance of Yin and Yang Qi, and wisps of gray-black evil energy continued to emerge from his body, which were constantly obliterated and disappeared by the Tai Chi diagram.

"Very good! Now that the two masters have already made their move, if I continue to hide my clumsiness, I will not be worthy of the name of the two masters, black and white!"

The runes on Zhang Tong's face shone with a faint light, and soon his entire face was covered with evil runes, his pupils also turned blood red, and his whole figure rose into the air, leaping towards the center of the tornado.

"Evil law! Gather the world's yin, suffocation, ghosts, and resentment into my body to become my evil qi. The yin and thunder sect!"

Chen Wenqing looked up, and saw that the tornado in the sky formed a huge attraction, gathering all kinds of yin, hostility, ghost, and resentment from all directions. In the center of the tornado, a cloud of thunder was slowly brewing, exuding a destructive aura.

"Not good! We can't let him go on like this, otherwise the entire Zhangjia Town will be annihilated by this lightning."

The black and white second master nodded, also rose from the ground, and landed on the yin-yang eight-diagram formation covering the sky. At this time, the yin-yang air flow on the yin-yang eight-diagram formation became more intense.

"Combining Yin and Yang Qi, gaining the good fortune of heaven and earth, forming Tai Chi Bagua! Destroy all things, and never die!", the black and white masters let out a long roar, and both of them carried the Yin-Yang Bagua array to envelop the huge tornado.

at this time.

The world is silent, everything is silent.

A huge, pitch-black thunderbolt exuding infinite evil protruded from the tornado and turned into a thousand-foot-long thunder snake. The thunder snake exuded a majestic and evil spirit, and hit the gossip array head-on.

"Boom!"

"Stab!

The huge white light dyed the entire night sky white, and the huge sound made everything under the sky tremble with horror. But at this moment, all the souls and spirits of the people in the courtyard were wiped out, bleeding from the seven orifices, leaving only Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai standing precariously.

"Fortunately, I activated the Golden Light Curse to protect my body in time, otherwise I'm afraid I'd be completely wiped out by this blow!"

Chen Wenqing looked at Li Youcai, who was also weak beside him, and both of them were terrified.

"Cough cough cough..."

Not far away, there was a weak coughing sound, which was very clear in the dark and silent night.

Chen Wenqing struggled and walked carefully step by step, and saw three figures lying on the ground about ten feet away, they were Black and White Wuchang and Zhang Tong. And the cough just now came from Bai Wuchang.

"Chen Wenqing, cough cough cough... the avatar of our two brothers is... probably unable to hold on, Zhang Tong's evil is just a serious injury, and I'm afraid he will wake up later." Bai Wuchang said in a very low voice. The voice said intermittently: "Please be sure to kill this evil, otherwise the Zhang family town will not be protected, and the world will suffer..."

Chen Wenqing was shocked when he heard the words, and said: "But Qi Ye, I'm afraid Xiaodao's magic power is low, and I'm afraid it's not enough to kill this evil."

"This evil has been severely injured by my brother, and now it only needs a single supernatural power to eradicate this evil. Cough, cough, cough..."

Chen Wenqing was about to answer, but at this moment, he saw Zhang Tong who was lying on the ground, but had already stood up. Zhang Tong's body was burning with yin and yang qi, and the evil qi was constantly being wiped out by the yin and yang two qi, turning into light smoke and dissipating in the air.

"I didn't expect it, I really didn't expect it. The legendary seventh master and eighth master are not my opponents Zhang Tong, hahahaha." Looking at Black and White Wuchang lying on the ground, his avatars are broken and on the verge of disappearing, Zhang Tong Haha laughed out loud.

at this time.

Chen Wenqing took out a piece of yellow paper from the bag, and saw that instead of talismans, it was filled with densely packed small characters.

"Junior Brother, this is a "Song of Righteous Qi". I prepared it for you a long time ago. Now it's just for you. I hope Junior Brother can help Senior Brother win half a cup of tea."

Li Youcai took the talisman lightly, and saw that it read: "Song of Righteousness"

"Heaven and earth have righteousness, mixed with manifolds."

"The bottom is the river and the mountain, and the top is the sun and stars."

"To people, it's called Haoran, and it's full of beauty."

"Emperor Road should be Qingyi, Hanhe Tu Mingting."


Li Youcai recited the "Song of Righteous Qi" in his hand in a low voice, and suddenly the arrogance of Confucianism and Taoism in his body became surging, and the arrogance of yang and righteousness in the world continued to pour into Li Youcai's body. And the bottleneck that has been difficult to make progress for many years is also broken through, and the realm of Confucianism and Taoism has broken through from the realm of Juren to the realm of Jinshi.

However, Chen Wenqing sat on the ground, contemplating "Shangqing Lingbao Sutra" with all his strength, and silently recited "Golden Light Mantra". Soon, Chen Wenqing's body was covered with a thin layer of golden light, shining like a golden body in the dark night.

"Little Taoist priest! I originally planned to spare your life, but unfortunately you don't know what is good and evil, and you insist on being my enemy. Then, you go with me today!"

Zhang Tong saw that Chen Wenqing's aura was getting stronger and stronger. It was obvious that a powerful spell was brewing, and Zhang Tong knew that he had just been severely injured and could no longer bear a powerful spell.

So, Zhang Tong stretched out a finger and pointed at Chen Wenqing, black lightning flashed from the fingertips, which was obviously the supernatural power "Yin Escape Thunder School".

At this critical moment, voices sounded in the empty courtyard, and a fat man with a round face and body attracted Zhang Tong's attention.

"Confucianism, painting the ground as a prison."

"Confucianism, sharp words!"

"Confucianism and Law - horses and horses, and soldiers, the direction of the soldiers, there is death but not life!"

"Confucianism-Jin Ge iron horse, swallows thousands of miles like a tiger! Iron ride out!"

Li Youcai mobilized the arrogance of Confucianism and Taoism in his whole body, and used all the Confucianism and Confucianism he had learned. Suddenly, the arrogance of Confucianism and Taoism in the sky formed a spear and sword, thousands of troops, and a rope formed by the arrogance and righteousness wrapped around Zhang Tong's body.

"Kill!" Li Youcai let out a roar, and immediately swept towards Zhang Tong with the supernatural power transformed by the majestic righteousness.

Seeing thousands of troops and horses pouring down from the sky, Zhang Tong couldn't help turning his finger pointed at Chen Wenqing, pointing at the thousands of troops and horses galloping in the sky.

The seemingly majestic awe-inspiring aura, under Zhang Tong's "Yin Dun Lei Sect" magical power, melted like ice and snow. It could only be resisted for a moment, and then disappeared. And Li Youcai was also backlashed by Confucianism and Taoism, and fell heavily to the ground.

"Hmph! The light of the firefly dares to compete with the bright moon!" Zhang Tong said disdainfully, and stretched out his finger to point in the direction where Li Youcai fell.

At this time, thunder sounded in the air.

At this time, Chen Wenqing had already stood up, holding a golden jade talisman in his hand, on which were written the three big characters of "Five Thunders", and he was chanting a mantra.

"Heaven and earth are infinite, and the universe borrows the law. I worship the patriarch of the Sanqing, grant me divine power, and five thunders fall from the sky. The upper reaches the infinite, and the lower one captures the dark. The yin and yang interact with each other, and the movement is powerful. The three realms are ordered, and the sun and the moon are shining. Come to the altar to listen to the order , Slay evil spirits. Mandrills and evil spirits, turned into dust. Urgent as a law, five thunder talismans! Forgive me!"

Chen Wenqing activated the Five Thunder Jade Talisman and shot it towards the sky. Only a "bang" was heard, and the thick clouds pierced through, and a huge skylight shone from Jiuxiao, which fixed Zhang Tong's figure firmly.

A purple thunderbolt flashed with mighty and brilliant aura, and it struck Zhang Tong straight from Jiuxiao!

"Boom"

"Boom"

"Boom"


Five divine thunders fell one after another, and landed on Zhang Tong's body, stirring up dust all over the sky. When the breeze blew, the dust cleared away, and Zhang Tong's figure had already disappeared in the thunder.

Ashes to dust, dust to dust.


		