

"Senior brother, this evildoer has escaped, what should we do now?" Li Youcai thought there would be a big battle, but he didn't expect that the majestic "Mountain God" was so timid, and he was frightened by Chen Wenqing's sky eyes and ran away.

Chen Wenqing looked at the direction in which the mountain god was escaping, and said, "He can't run away! Wait for me to cast the monster hunting talisman and investigate."

After finishing speaking, Chen Wenqing pinched the tactics with his hands, stepped on the Big Dipper, walked with his feet, chanted the mantra, and started to practice.

"Contained in the earth, between Liuhe, and within the four seas, the sun and the moon are used to illuminate them, the stars are used to pass through them, and the four seasons are used to record them. I can make it through."

"Find the traces of evildoers with one talisman! Take the order quickly and follow it quickly! Patriarch Shenxiao is as urgent as the law!" A golden talisman lit up from Chen Wenqing's hand, flashing with brilliance.

"Forgiveness!" The golden talisman flashed and disappeared into the dark night and jungle.

Seeing this, Li Youcai approached with a smile, and said to Chen Wenqing: "Senior brother's talisman skills are getting better and better! All kinds of talisman skills are really dazzling..."

Chen Wenqing smiled knowingly, and said: "Brother, if you have anything to say, you may as well just say it. As long as the brother can do it, he will not be stingy."

"Hahaha... Junior brother is waiting for your words!" Li Youcai rubbed his hands and said flatteringly: "Let's see when senior brother has time to give advice to junior brother? You see, I have been cultivating for a long time, and now Even the threshold of the Dao of Talismans has not been stepped in."

Li Youcai pretended to let out a long sigh, and then said: "I joined the Zixia Temple originally intending to practice Taoism. But after practicing for so long, there has been no progress in the way of talismans, but a breakthrough in Confucianism. I am a little confused now."

Chen Wenqing chuckled. "Junior brother, you are quite greedy. I think it is fake that you are confused, but it is true that you want to combine Confucianism and Taoism! Am I right?"

"Hahaha..." Li Youcai let out a loud laugh, and said, "Senior Brother has noticed, so I have to rely on Senior Brother for all this!"

"This matter is not a problem. When you return to the Zixia Temple after the task is over, the senior brother will personally teach you how to practice talismans! However, it is better to deal with this matter first before we talk about it!"

Chen Wenqing pointed at the mountain temple, and said to Li Youcai: "The evildoer is cunning! He pretended to run away, but unexpectedly returned to the mountain temple secretly, and wanted to make a fool of himself! Such a trick, how could he hide it from me!"

"Brother, do you mean that the yellow skin is hiding in the mountain temple?" Li Youcai rolled his eyes, and offered to ask Ying to bow his hands to Chen Wenqing. "I can't run away from the evildoer, but I can't run away from the temple! Senior brother, please wait a moment. I will talk about it after I fix the mountain temple!"

Li Youcai has now reached the state of Confucianism and Taoism, and he is more comfortable with various Confucianism, let alone the blessing of Confucianism and Taoism, so Li Youcai is full of confidence at this time.

"Confucianism - paint the ground as a prison!"

Li Youcai let out a loud shout, and saw a surge of vitality between the heaven and the earth, and a halo of vitality formed by awe-inspiring energy enveloped the mountain temple from top to bottom, enveloping the entire mountain temple tightly.

"Beautiful job!" Chen Wenqing clapped her hands and said, "Junior brother's Confucianism has also become more and more refined! But, junior brother, you have forgotten one thing, that is, the weasel can make holes!"

Chen Wenqing smiled lightly, took out a yellow paper talisman from the cloth bag, pinched it between the index finger and middle finger, and chanted the mantra: "The great way and five elements, mutual generation and mutual restraint, the terrain is virtuous, and can carry all things! The ancestor of Shenxiao is as anxious as a law, Pointing to the ground into steel, order!"

The yellow talisman ignited spontaneously without fire, and sank into the ground. At this time, the ground had become as hard as steel!

"The turtle in the urn, let me see how you can escape!"

At this time, there was a distraught voice from the mountain temple. "This mountain god has borne it again and again, and you mortals are still reluctant to let go. Are you bullying this mountain god by mud?"

After finishing speaking, a puff of black smoke rose from the mountain temple, and the black smoke became thicker and thicker, exuding a pungent smell, which quickly corroded and melted away the circle formed by the awe-inspiring aura.

"Not good! There is poison in the smoke!"

Chen Wenqing's heart moved, she covered her mouth and nose and said. But he saw that Li Youcai and Xiao Huihui beside him were already flushed, obviously they had already fallen for the yellow skin.

"Hehe! The mountain god doesn't show his power, do you think that the mountain god is easy to bully? The small foundation building realm dares to tease the mountain god, and you have discovered the secret of the mountain god! Then, you stay!"

After finishing speaking, a black smoke swept straight towards Chen Wenqing, carrying a pungent and unpleasant stench.

Seeing this, Chen Wenqing contemplated the "Shangqing Lingbao Sutra", held Li Youcai and Xiao Huihui back, and muttered a mantra.

"Lingbao Tianzun, the figure of comfort, the soul of the disciple, the five viscera and darkness, the blue dragon and the white tiger, the formation of battles, the Suzaku Xuanwu, the figure of the guard! The divine mantra of purification, as urgent as a law!"

At the critical moment, just as the spell was finished, the black smoke rushed towards them, trapping the three of them in the black smoke.

"Hahaha! I'll let you taste the power of this mountain god's innate supernatural powers! In less than a moment, the three of you will be completely melted away! Hahaha..." Seeing this, the mountain god let out a burst of complacency Laughing, I feel that I have a winning ticket.

"Aren't you complacent too early?" Chen Wenqing walked out from the black smoke, with a faint golden light circulating around his body, and the place where the golden light circulated isolated the strong and foul-smelling black smoke.

"Are you okay? Impossible! How can you be safe and sound under the innate supernatural power of this god?!" The mountain god was shocked, and said with a surprised expression, pointing at Chen Wenqing with one hand.

"What bullshit talent is supernatural?!" Chen Wenqing waved the black smoke in front of his eyes with his hand, and said disgustedly: "It's just a yellow-skinned man farting, such an immoral method, and you, an evil animal, said it was so sanctimonious."

"What? I'm angry too!" Enraged by Chen Wenqing's words, the mountain god turned into a cloud of black smoke and was about to attack Chen Wenqing.

"Confucianism - Ten Thousand Arrows!"

A wave of vitality vibrated from the sky and the earth, and Li Youcai also came out of the black smoke, with golden light flowing around his body. At this time, the spirit of Confucianism and Taoism in the world turned into feathered arrows that came from the sky, and fell on the "mountain god" Huang Pizi like a rain of arrows, breaking Huang Pizi.

"Ah...fatty, how dare you!" Huang Pizi screamed.

Li Youcai heard Huang Pizi call him "fatty", and said angrily, "Chicken thief, you are looking for death today!"

"Confucianism-Five Horses Divide Corpse!"

I saw the awe-inspiring aura of Confucianism and Taoism in the world, turning into five iron chains to bind Huang Pizi's limbs and neck. The horse scratched its hooves, neighed, and was about to gallop away.

"Ah...You fat man actually has such vicious Confucianism. Don't you Confucianists pay attention to "benevolence" and "virtue"?" Huang Pizi was terrified and struggled to say.

"Although Confucianism emphasizes benevolence and morality, it also has the means to subdue demons and demons! Huang Pizi, you stole the position of mountain god, fish and meat people, if you give up and surrender, I will spare your life, or I will cut you apart!" Li Youcai snapped.

"Okay...ok...ok! I surrender, please spare my life! The god of the mountain... no, the little demon is very grateful." Huang Pizi begged for mercy, terrified.

Li Youcai felt relieved when he heard the words, and scattered the five horses that had been transformed into Confucianism and Taoism. Unrestrained, Huang Pizi knelt on the ground and lowered his head, begging for mercy.

"Two priests, please spare Xiao Yao's life, Xiao Yao..."

Li Youcai had already relaxed his vigilance at this time, looking at Huang Pizi under him, he was full of pride in his heart, and he didn't expect Huang Pizi's lowered head to reveal a sly look.

Suddenly, Huang Pizi stretched out his sharp claws, turning into a cloud of black smoke and wiping Li Youcai's neck.

"Be careful!"

Chen Wenqing uttered a rage, and before he had time to recite the mantra, he ran to Li Youcai with his feet on the seven stars, and pushed Li Youcai away. At this time, Huang Pizi's sharp claws had already reached Chen Wenqing's shoulders.

"Chi la..."

Huang Pizi's sharp claws slashed across, bringing up a blood mist. At this moment, Li Chen Wenqing felt a sharp pain coming from behind, and could not help but groan.

"Huh? Little Taoist, you were only injured by a trauma, and you didn't die?" Huang Pizi raised his sharp claws and said suspiciously: "The sharp claws of the mountain god are comparable to magic soldiers! The little Taoist has ordinary flesh. Tire, can you even block my blow?"

At this time, there was a long bloodstain on Chen Wenqing's entire back, from the left shoulder obliquely to the back of the waist, and blood continued to flow from the wound. Chen Wenqing lost a lot of blood, her face was pale, and her standing body was trembling.

"Fortunately, there is a golden light magic spell to protect the body, otherwise this blow would have killed me! This time, it was too careless!"

Chen Wenqing cheered up, and said to Li Youcai who was on the side: "Junior brother, Huang Pizi is cunning and treacherous, you must not hold back, you need to attack with all your strength!"

Li Youcai stepped forward quickly, supported Chen Wenqing's crumbling body, and hurriedly said: "Senior brother, it's my fault! I almost hurt you, senior brother, please rest well. Let me do the next thing!"

Chen Wenqing paled, nodded weakly, sat down on the ground, and then said to Xiao Huihui: "Xiao Huihui, help me stop the bleeding first, I'm worried that my junior can't deal with this cunning yellow man alone."

While instructing Xiao Huihui, Chen Wenqing thought silently: "This time I learned a lesson, and I must not be careless in the future." Feeling the pain in her back, Chen Wenqing had already discovered her biggest shortcoming. He clenched his fist tightly, and said in his heart: "It seems that in the future, I have to master a magical power of melee attack, otherwise, once the monster gets close, I will have no power to fight back! Now that I am like this , is a crispy mage!"

In front of the mountain temple, Li Youcai had already fought Huang Pizi.

"Evil beast, take your life!"


		