

Slaying the dragon sword, the sword is like a dragon.

The golden light passed by.

The body of the centipede's fine gold and steel bones was as unstoppable as defeated leather. The centipede was chopped off at the waist, and fell into the dust before it could even utter a scream.

"It went so well!"

"This monster has reached the spirit-seeking realm, which is equivalent to the golden core realm of a monk, it shouldn't be so weak!"

Chen Wenqing saw with her own eyes that the centipede was split into two by her Dragon Slaying Sword, but she didn't relax at all.

After going through dangerous situations again and again, he has realized that he must not be careless in the slightest, otherwise he will easily capsize in the gutter if he is not careful.

in the dust.

The red light flashed, and a mighty monster energy broke through the sky, and the anger rushed into the bullfight.

For a time, the evil spirit permeated the whole world, and the vegetation was completely withered.

"Soldiers entangled with evil spirits, trees and trees are dark, blazing fierce flames, clouds and smoke worrying!"

"This evildoer is indeed not dead!"

Holding the dragon-slaying sword in his hand, Chen Wenqing felt the emptiness of the golden core spiritual power in his body, and watched the movement ahead vigilantly.

In the dust, the centipede that turned into two pieces did not die!

Only the upper half of the centipede essence, with a red light shining in its body, and its huge mouthparts were like swords, devoured his lower body with a few mouthfuls.

Immediately afterwards, the centipede's red light kept flashing, its body gradually cracked open, its huge mouthparts opened, and another centipede drilled out of it.

only.

This centipede spirit is obviously smaller than the previous body, about one foot long, and the color of the body is not dark red, and it seems that the aura has weakened a lot.

"What a monster, he didn't die after receiving the sword of the poor!"

At this time, Chen Wenqing's spiritual power in the golden elixir was exhausted, and she silently ran the "Shangqing Lingbao Manual" to quickly restore her spiritual power.

"Roar...."

The centipede let out a low growl and spit out words.

"Little Taoist priest, I didn't expect you to have such a powerful sword move!"

The centipede opened its huge mouthparts, absorbing the aura between heaven and earth, and the aura visible to the naked eye poured into the centipede's mouth one after another.

"I have to say, if it wasn't for the poor monk who also has a substituting technique that presses the bottom of the box, it must have fallen into your hands today."

With the continuous gathering of spiritual energy, the centipede's body swelled at a speed visible to the naked eye, and it became even bigger than before, like a staircase more than ten feet high, overlooking Chen Wenqing.

Chen Wenqing heard the words, looked at the even bigger centipede spirit in front of her, and said in a deep voice: "Old monk, the price you spent for performing this substitute technique is not cheap, right?"

"Hmph!" The centipede sprayed out poisonous smoke from its fine mouthparts.

"This is the impoverished monk's innate supernatural power-substitution technique, which can prevent a disaster of death. The price is two hundred years of life for the old monk!"

"However, as long as the poor monk devours your golden core and flesh and blood, it can make up for this loss!"

The centipede opened its huge mouthparts and waved its centipedes like swords, guns, swords and halberds, stirring up dust in the sky, and killed Chen Wenqing like lightning and flint.

"Little Taoist priest, you have run out of spiritual power now, let me see what you can do to resist!"

Chen Wenqing clenched the dragon-slaying sword and retreated quickly, but the centipede had hundreds of legs and moved like flying. Afterimages flashed across the ground, they caught up in an instant.

"So fast!"

Chen Wenqing couldn't catch up with the centipede's speed, and couldn't help but feel a chill in his heart.

So, using the remaining spiritual power, the eyebrows and sky eyes were half-opened, and only then did he clearly see the afterimage of the centipede essence.

"Clang!"

"Clang!"

"Clang!"


In the blink of an eye, Chen Wenqing's dragon-slaying sword continuously intersected with the centipede's mouthparts and hundreds of feet, sending out a hardness like gold and iron, which shook Chen Wenqing's hands holding the sword painfully.

"This evildoer has so much strength that he is invincible."

Chen Wenqing stepped on the bucket, rotated the seven stars, and avoided the centipede's pursuit with his dexterous steps.

"Little Taoist, go to hell!"

The centipede still chased after it, and its four sword-like front legs attacked Chen Wenqing at the same time.

Chen Wenqing used his remaining spiritual power with all his strength, and golden light immediately flowed on the Dragon Slaying Sword.

The three thousand feet were cut off by the Dragon Slaying Sword, but when the blade hit the last claw foot, it was powerless.

"laugh!"

The chelicerus easily tore apart Chen Wenqing's Taoist robe, and cut a long wound on Chen Wenqing's chest. Blood spurted out from the wound, soaking the entire Taoist robe...

"Hahaha..."

The centipede laughed wantonly, "Little Taoist priest, you are doomed! If you are stabbed by the pincers of the poor monk, you will definitely die of poison within a short time!"

at this time.

Chen Wenqing leaned on the Dragon Slaying Sword, panting, his face was dripping with cold sweat, his complexion was purple, and the blood from the wound had also turned black. It was obvious that he had been deeply poisoned.

"Old monk, even if the poor Taoist dies today, he will definitely drag you to the end." Chen Wenqing said weakly.

Centipede Jing looked at Chen Wenqing who was weak in front of him, and said with disdain: "Little Taoist, it's up to you?"

The centipede stretched out its sharp pincers, green light was shining on the pitch-black pincers, pointed at Chen Wenqing's heart and said: "Little Taoist priest, this poor monk has not eaten the heart and liver of a cultivator for a long time, especially if you are like you!" Young Taoist, the taste must be very delicious."

After finishing speaking, the centipede body was as fast as lightning, and stabbed Chen Wenqing's heart with its pincers.

"Chi..."

The centipede's pincers opened Chen Wenqing's chest, and Chen Wenqing spurted out a stream of blood with broken internal organs.

"Hahaha..." The centipede laughed loudly as it waved its centipede, and the laughter echoed throughout the sky.

"Om..."

At this moment, a white light lit up.

Chen Wenqing's body shattered like fragments, turning into streaks of spiritual energy and disappearing into the sky and the earth.

Around the centipede, one after another golden light emerged from the ground, a total of nine beams of light surrounded the centipede.

"Pro, Bing, Fight, Zhe, All, Formation, Column, In, Front!"

"Nine-character mantra to seal the demon formation, forgive me!"

At this time, a fat man with a round face appeared in midair, and he was chanting the mantra "Nine Character Mantra" with his hands in mudra. On the fat man's shoulder stood a little gray mouse, it was Li Youcai and Xiao Huihui.

Nine-character Mantra is also known as Liujia Secret Wish.

There is a saying in "Tao Zang": "All nine characters should always be consecrated, and demons and ghosts are omnipresent!"

The nine-character mantra is exactly the mantra for casting the demon-suppressing and demon-eliminating formation.

"town!"

The centipede felt a weight on his body, his mana became sluggish, and his whole body seemed to be stuck in a quagmire, unable to extricate himself.

"What kind of formation is this!" Centipede Jing was shocked.

Li Youcai turned a deaf ear to it, and put all his mana into the formation. Immediately, golden chains emerged from the nine beams of light. The golden chains wrapped around the centipede essence and locked it tightly, preventing it from moving.

"Brother, good job!"

"Little Huihui, well done!

Chen Wenqing flew out from the rubble, and stood outside the nine-character mantra to seal the demon formation, with a mocking expression on his face.

"Ah...impossible!"

Seeing Chen Wenqing "resurrected from the dead", Centipede Jing couldn't believe it, and roared angrily: "Little Taoist priest, I have already pierced my heart, how could you not die?"

Chen Wenqing looked indifferently at the hysterical appearance of the centipede in front of him, and said, "What you killed was nothing more than the magic power of Confucianism and Taoism displayed by my junior brother, the illusion of flowers in the mirror and the moon in water!"

"Pindao knows that you, an evildoer, are far better than me, so why don't you make some arrangements in advance?"

turn out to be.

As early as when Chen Wenqing came into Chanyin Temple, Xiao Huihui arranged nine spirit stones underground, and everything was arranged according to the nine-character mantra to seal the demon formation.

Li Youcai, on the other hand, hid in the dark and launched the formation at the right time.

The centipede spirit was furious at this time, he felt that his IQ was being rubbed on the ground by the little Taoist priest in front of him.

The centipede continued to struggle, trying to move the nine beams of light in one fell swoop. I saw the centipede repeating its old trick, wanting to open its mouth to absorb the aura of heaven and earth...

Seeing this, Chen Wenqing snorted coldly.

"Since you have fallen into the magic-sealing formation of the nine-character mantra, are you still thinking about escaping?"

"There is a rich junior brother, and the demon-suppressing talisman will serve you!"

Li Youcai stood high in the sky, pinching the Dharma seal with his hands, and chanting mantras.

Immediately, nine yellow talismans flew across the sky, shining red light, and flew towards nine golden beams of light.

"The supreme pardon, grant me supernatural powers, be as urgent as a law!"

"Suppressing demon talisman, set it!"

For a moment, the red light burst out, and the shaking nine beams of light quickly stabilized, and the centipede essence could not absorb any aura of heaven and earth.

Apparently, the Nine-Character Mantra Demon Sealing Formation and the Demon Suppressing Talisman have isolated the aura of heaven and earth.

Chen Wenqing stood in front of Fengmo Town, took a deep breath, and silently ran the "Shangqing Lingbao Manual", feeling that the aura in the meridians had grown stronger.

"evildoer!"

"You bewitched all beings, worshiped evil Buddhas, fooled the people, and violated Buddhist precepts!"

"The god-given talisman of the poor Taoist priest, I will convict you today and sentence you to die!"

"die!"


		