

Chen Wenqing was sweating profusely, his whole body was weak, as if his body had been hollowed out, he sat on the ground and gasped heavily, thinking: "The five thunders' rectification talismans are really terrifying! As expected, all sky thunders are the most domineering in the world. , The most terrifying power, all extraordinary people can control! In just such a moment, the spiritual power was swept away."

Chen Wenqing visualized the "Shangqing Lingbao Manual" silently recovering her spiritual power, when she saw Bai Wuchang walking towards her.

"Little Taoist, you are really good! It is really rare in the world to be able to produce such a powerful lightning talisman, which shows that the inheritance is extraordinary."

Chen Wenqing heard the words, smiled wryly and said: "Poverty Taoist is the Taoist priest of Zixia Guanfu Taoist Academy. This may be the last piece of Five Thunder Jade Talisman in my Fulu Taoist Academy. This time it is used up, and maybe there will be no more for a long time. "

Bai Wuchang nodded lightly, and said: "You have made great contributions to my Yin Division, you can say what you wish. Your eighth master and I will try our best to satisfy you."

Chen Wenqing stood up with difficulty, looked at Bai Wuchang's figure in front of him, which had become illusory, and said, "Xiao Dao doesn't have any special wishes. If I have to say it, I hope that this world will be more stable and less unfair. Thinking of Zhang Tong at this time, Chen Wenqing couldn't help saying sadly: "Zhang Tong has been good all his life, but his family was slaughtered, how unfair the world is!"

Bai Wuchang nodded, smiled and said: "Little Taoist priest, I like your character. You are not hypocritical. It is really rare. Reincarnation in the world has never been truly fair. One thought becomes a Buddha, and one thought becomes a demon. Zhang Tong fell into evil ways, For what reason."

Bai Wuchang took out a black square iron plate from his pocket, and said, "Baye and I have discussed and decided to give you a gift, which can be regarded as compensation for the loss of the Five Thunder Jade Talisman, and it can also be regarded as a reward for your great achievements." With that said, he threw the iron plate over.

Chen Wenqing took the iron plate, only to see the word "law" written on the front of the iron plate, and the word "ling" written on the back.

"What is this?" Chen Wenqing was puzzled.

"This is the law! Those who carry out this law can confer a book on heaven."

"Only after granting the talisman can a Taoist become famous. Only the one who grants the talisman can communicate with the "gods". After possessing the priesthood of Taoism, he has the power to send a certain number of bodyguards, so that he can truly achieve Slaying demons and eliminating evil spirits, saving souls, and relieving distressed people. Taoist priests who have not received the scriptures have no right to send gods to serve ghosts, and can only rely on their own spiritual power to cultivate to kill demons and eliminate demons."

"The so-called Taishang Laojun is as urgent as a law. It refers to this law."

Hearing this, Chen Wenqing was already shocked by the huge surprise. He never thought that he would be recognized by the gods so quickly and get a "law order". Generally speaking, those who can bestow the talisman are those who have a cultivation level of "Tianshi" or above to have the opportunity to obtain it. As for Chen Wenqing, now he is just barely able to start cultivating Taoism.

"Tao Zang" has a cloud, "Anyone who grants the talisman can get rid of the emotional nature, stop the evil, control the root of evil, and produce Taoism. .”

Chen Wenqing took the "Law Order" excitedly, bit his index finger according to Bai Wuchang's instructions, dripped the blood of his index finger on the "Law Order", and soon took the "Law Order" into his soul.

Chen Wenqing conferred the talisman very smoothly.

"Originally, the granting of the talisman was done by the gods. However, since people are separated today, only the yin god can only confer the talisman. This is the first time granting the talisman, or it can be called the "Dugong talisman". If the conditions are not met, then the inscription can be granted. It can be said that the inscription is the beginning of the Taoist's transformation from a mortal."

After Bai Wuchang finished speaking, his figure became even more illusory. Obviously, this clone will soon dissipate.

"You have given the talisman. If there are monsters that cannot be dealt with in the future, you can inform me through this order. Your eighth master and I will rush over as soon as possible after receiving the information. If it is too late, you can take this token and dispatch it to any city god's office." Yin soldiers help."

Chen Wenqing bowed deeply to Bai Wuchang, at this time Bai Wuchang had turned into a cloud of green smoke and dissipated in the air...


"Junior Brother, Junior Brother, wake up! Don't sleep anymore." Chen Wenqing walked up to Li Youcai and pushed him for a long time, then kicked him.

"Ouch!"

Li Youcai opened his eyes, quickly got up from the ground, patted the dust on the hem of his clothes, and said with a smile: "Senior brother, how do you know I'm faking it? I'm pretending so much, but I don't know where there is a flaw?"

Chen Wenqing smiled and said: "Junior brother, you are snoring so loudly that you are still pretending for me."

Li Youcaiwen chuckled, but when he saw the mess in the courtyard, his expression became solemn.

"Brother, the scene just now was really a fight between gods and mortals. You see, in the Dade Li Mansion, there are only two living people left, you and me, and the rest are dead."

"The law of heaven is not benevolent, and all living beings are ants, that's all." Chen Wenqing sighed, and said, "Let me save him, and my junior brother can protect me, so as not to intrude any more monsters at this time."

Chen Wenqing sat cross-legged on the ground, poured five "Qi Gathering Pills" from the bag into his mouth, and began to silently run the "Shangqing Dadong Zhenjing" to restore his spiritual power. After a while, a golden light appeared on Chen Wenqing's body.

"Decree from the Supreme Master, supersede your lonely soul, all ghosts and ghosts, four life rules, the headed ones supersede, the headless ones rise, kill with spears and knives, jump into the water and hang ropes... order to save the others, urgently supersede life!"

In the courtyard, a gust of dark wind blew, and some ghosts were stripped from the people who fell on the ground, turning into streaks of golden light and dissipating between heaven and earth.

And at this time, some firefly-like stars appeared between the sky and the earth, rushing towards Chen Wenqing.

"The power of merit has appeared again!"

"The power of merit this time is much more than before. It seems that I will be able to break through the bottleneck of the peak of Qi refining tonight. With so much power of merit in one performance, I'm afraid it has something to do with evil."

"Walking around the world to slay demons and demons is certainly dangerous; however, the benefits it brings are also unpredictable!"

Chen Wenqing quietly rescued the ghosts, and when the dawn gradually lit up in the sky, she had successfully reached the initial stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm.

At this time, a mouse came out from the ground and slowly crawled onto Chen Wenqing.

"Xiao Huihui, you're back, you've worked hard! It's thanks to you this time, otherwise this time would be a disaster!" Hearing this, Xiao Huihui only squeaked a few times before closing her eyes.

Seeing this, Chen Wenqing carefully put it in the pocket of the Taoist robe and said, "Next, you should have a good rest! You have consumed too much energy to break through the barrier, and you have already shown your original shape!"

The sun is rising and the sky is bright.

The door of the Li Mansion was finally opened, and a group of people came in one after another. Chen Wenqing heard the sound and glanced, and it was County Magistrate Wang who walked in first. Dozens of guards followed behind the county magistrate Wang, and each guard escorted several people.

Chen Wenqing stood up from the ground, cupped her hands and said, "The county magistrate of the king of hard work came all the way! I am very grateful."

At this time, the magistrate Wang said with a stern look on his face, "It's a matter of course. The group of people behind are the gangsters who, together with Li Chengde, killed Zhang Tong's thirty-nine people. Last night , I took the yamen servants to find them one by one, and tied them up!"

Looking around, Chen Wenqing saw a group of gray-haired old people, and she couldn't help sighing: "Thirty-nine years have passed, and the bandits in the green forest back then have also grown old. However, killing people pays their lives, and debts are paid back. Back then, you and others colluded with Li Chengde killed Zhang Tongman’s family, and this matter has been revealed to the world. The law of heaven reincarnates, and retribution is not good. Good will be rewarded with good, and evil will be rewarded with evil, and it can be regarded as having a beginning and an end.”

"I have to thank Daoist Chen for this matter. If Daoist Chen hadn't sent someone to inform me, I wouldn't be able to find out the appalling case of the Zhang family extermination many years ago. Now that the old case can be revealed, it can be regarded as a plea for the lonely souls and wild monsters in the world." It's fair!"

Chen Wenqing waved his hands and said: "People's hearts are so deep, who would have thought that the kind person praised by everyone would be a bandit with bloody hands?"

"Monsters are certainly terrifying, but the human heart is more terrifying than demons!"


		