

On this day, Chen Wenqing taught Li Youcai the way of talismans. After Chen Wenqing's teaching for a period of time, Li Youcai also successfully stepped into the threshold of talisman practice.

With the help of the divine eye, Chen Wenqing has already read all the books on the first floor of Zixia Temple, so she also has a deep understanding of the way of talismans.

"Junior brother, the so-called Tao of Talismans lies in the cultivation of the truth, that is, the gods are upright, the heavens and the earth are captured, the demons and ghosts are subdued, and according to their merits, they are listed in the ranks of immortals, come and go, live forever, and join Daoxuan .”

Chen Wenqing clearly explained the mysteries of the Dao of Talismans and Talismans, and the power of the practice is great.

"The talisman, the spiritual text of the Supreme God, the secret words of the saints of the nine heavens, will be used to check and rob the officials of the three realms, to control the fortune, to control the group, to discern hidden sins and blessings, to test the merits and demerits of good and evil, Ji Yujian read the text of the school commandment announcement, grasped the spiritual map, and deduced the calamity of the nine hundred and six heavens."

Although the way of talismans in Zixia Temple has indeed declined, it does not mean that the way of talismans of the Taoist school is not strong enough. On the contrary, because of the existence of the Tianshi Mansion in Longhu Mountain, the way of talismans has always been the most powerful in the Taoist sect. One of the means of attack.

"Sacred talismans come out of nature, so at the beginning of the Yuanshi Chiming catastrophe, at the time of chaos, mysterious energy flew in the air, and the seal of Jackie Chan is the Yuanshi God's reverence and spiritual response. It is born from heaven and earth. , Wanhua is clearly distinguished, all because of Dao Qi and spiritual writing."

While Chen Wenqing was explaining the way of talismans to Li Youcai in detail, suddenly a disciple came over and looked like a disciple of the Foreign Affairs Hall.

"I've met Junior Brother Chen! Senior Brother Zhang Qian asked me to send a message. I have an appointment at the Yandang Lake Pavilion tonight at Youshi. I have important matters to discuss."

"Oh? Brother Zhang Qian asked me out. Do you know what is the important matter? The Fulu Taoist Academy is not far from the Foreign Affairs Hall, so I just need to go to the Foreign Affairs Hall." Chen Wenqing asked wonderingly.

"I'm not sure about this. Brother Zhang must have other plans. I have brought the words. I hope that Brother Chen will attend the appointment on time." The disciples of the Foreign Affairs Hall finished speaking and left.

Chen Wenqing looked at the backs of the disciples leaving the Foreign Affairs Hall, smiled at Li Youcai and said, "Brother Zhang has helped me a lot, so I have to go. Brother, you can continue to practice by yourself. I just haven't been to Yandang Lake yet, so I will go to appreciate it tonight." Look at the moonlight in the lotus pond of Yandang Lake."

"Brother, you can go on your own. If you have any questions, I will ask you tomorrow."

Chen Wenqing left Fulu Taoist Temple and walked towards Yandang Lake.

Yandang Lake is also located in Wulingyuan, which is part of Zixia Temple, but it is far away from Fulu Taoist Temple.

However, Yandang Lake is also a well-known scene in Zixia Temple. There are not only plump mandarin fishes in the lake, but also flocks of wild geese inhabiting here.

A great Confucian once traveled here and left a poem saying:

"In the high and cold place of Yandang, it can be picked through clouds."

"How can it be the same as weeds, which are easy to bloom."

When Chen Wenqing came to the pavilion in the center of Yandang Lake, the sky had already darkened, and a mist rose from the lake, covering the pavilion like a veil.

Smoke cage lake water, moon cage lotus. The evening wind blows, sending bursts of fragrance.

"No! It's too quiet here!"

Chen Wenqing was alarmed, and saw something unusual.

The mist became thicker and thicker, and a faint murderous intent rose from Yandang Lake. Chen Wenqing sensed something was wrong, turned around and was about to leave immediately.

"Amitabha, it's too late to leave now!"

"Hee hee... I didn't expect to be a young and handsome little Taoist priest. I must have fun with my sister tonight."

"Hmph! He's just a brat, but he wants us to fight together. It's too flattering to him!"

at this time.

There are three figures standing on the lake.

A Taoist priest.

a woman.

a monk.

What a strange combination!

Chen Wenqing's heart sank, and she whispered, "Are you here to kill me?"

"Ask knowingly!"

"Why kill me?"

"Because you're an eyesore, some big shots want you dead!"

Seeing the battle in front of him, Chen Wenqing probably already guessed who set it up. He knew that there was no way to escape, and it seemed that there was only one battle left.

"Who are you?" Chen Wenqing was curious, this kind of combination was really rare.

"We are the Three Immortals of Yingzhou!"

"Have not heard!"

"you!"

The Taoist with deer-headed mouse eyes was very angry when he heard the words, and said: "Death is imminent, and you don't know it yet."

"Kid, remember! Those who kill you are the Three Immortals of Yingzhou!"

After the Taoist finished speaking, he pinched the son-mother formula with his hands, and a cold wind spewed out from his mouth, blowing towards Chen Wenqing.

"The howling wind! Go!"

The cold wind quickly froze the surface of the lake, cutting the Huxin Pavilion to pieces.

Chen Wenqing retreated quickly, a faint golden light floated on his body, and the wind hit the golden light like a sound of gold and stone.

"What a strong wind! What kind of wind attribute method is this? It's almost unbearable even the Golden Light Curse."

Chen Wenqing felt the golden light all over his body, which had been blown apart by the strong wind, and he was terrified in his heart.

"I didn't expect them to attack directly in Zixia Temple! This time, I didn't prepare at all when I came out, and I couldn't use many methods." Chen Wenqing backed away while thinking about the methods he could use now.

"I didn't bring out the dragon-slaying sword, so I can't use the swordsmanship; and I don't have many talismans on my body, and now I can only draw talismans in the void, so the power is greatly reduced. The opponent came prepared. If I keep my hand, I'm afraid I will be killed today." It is impossible to die on the spot."

Chen Wenqing thought of this, and shouted: "Heaven's decree, grant the river god. Go to his order now, and borrow the universe! The river god's order, come out!"

A river god order flew out from the space between Chen Wenqing's eyebrows, emitting a sacred radiance, and dispersed the dense fog of Yandang Lake.

"This is? This is actually the order of the river god?!"

The Taoist was overjoyed and laughed loudly: "How lucky I am! I never expected to meet the God of the River today! Boy, give me the God of the River, and I will spare your life!"

"Amitabha, this thing is destined for me!" The monk was quite moved when he saw the decree of the river god. He pushed out a palm with both hands and shouted: "Prajna palm!"

Chen Wenqing didn't dare to fight recklessly at this time, she walked on the lotus leaf and said the mantra urgently:

"Canopy canopy, Jiuxuan Shatong."

"Five Ding Dusi, Gao Diaobei Weng."

"Seven politics and eight spirits, Tai Shang Hao is fierce."

"The king of mighty swords, kill evil and eliminate traces."

"Purple Qi ascends to the sky, Danxia Hechong."

"Swallow demons and eat ghosts, drink the wind sideways."

"Tian Ding Li Shi, Cheng Nan Yu Xie."

"Tian Zou is violent, Wei Bei Yu Feng."

"Urgent as a law! Canopy printing, pardon!"

Chen Wenqing pinches the middle of the nose with the thumb and fingers of the left hand, recites the canopy marshal mantra, wears the canopy talisman, retains the black and yellow aura, puts down the clay balls, feels warm and warm, then fills the qi to respond to the talisman, and remembers the spirit of Naling Immediately, a seal was shot out from Chen Wenqing's hand, attacking the three of them.

"Boom!"

A loud noise exploded in Yandang Lake, raising the entire Yandang Lake to a height of five feet.

"Little brother! Don't bother, do you think someone will come to rescue you if you deliberately make a lot of noise?" During the words, the woman scratched her head and posed, and everything was faintly visible amidst the turbulent waves, which made people feel excited at a glance.

"I forgot to tell you, this place has been sealed by an enchantment in advance, and the outside world cannot perceive everything that happens here. If the little brother is willing, the elder sister is willing to let you die under my romantic skirt. Hehehe. ..”

Seeing this, Chen Wenqing's heart moved, and she said: "Sister is so chubby and vulgar, she still learns to show off her head and pose like a brothel girl at an old age. It's really courageous to be able to do this!"

"What? How dare you say I'm old? Compare me with a brothel woman?" The woman was startled and furious, and rushed towards Chen Wenqing.

"I want you to die!"

Chen Wenqing moved left and right, kept dodging, chanted mantras, and drew talismans in the air.

"The canopy is majestic, governing hundreds of millions of rivers. The canopy marshal, the holy blessing. The Northern Emperor fried ghosts, shattered like dust. The talisman is everywhere, and it is captured quickly. The canopy talisman is as urgent as a law, pardon! "

Chen Wenqing urged the river god seal to mobilize all the water in Yandang Lake, forming three water dragons, which roared and killed the three of them.

"Amitabha! I'll let the poor monk break you!"

The monk formed the outer lion mudra, chanted the Vajrasattva dharmakaya mantra, and his body turned into light, forming a huge arhat dharma body. He raised his hand and grabbed the three water dragons, and said in his mouth: "The three water dragons are the same in front of my subduing dragon Arhat dharma body. Powerless."

"Boom"

"Boom"

"Boom"

The three water dragons were easily crushed by the Dragon Subduing Arhat's dharma body, turning into a downpour, and then urged the Arhat's dharma body to chase after Chen Wenqing.

Chen Wenqing retreated sharply, and fired a series of fire talismans to delay the attack, her heart turned sharply.

"It's the first time I've met Buddha Cultivator. I'm afraid that ordinary means of subjugating demons and demons will be useless. What should I do?"

Seeing Chen Wenqing bumping left and right, the woman smiled and said, "Prince Xiaodao, why don't you join the servant's family? Rather than die under the supernatural power of this monk, it's better to be a romantic ghost!"

"My yin and yang technique, everyone who has used it agrees."

The clothes on the woman's body were already very light and thin, but her figure was even more exquisite under the soaking of rainwater. Chen Wenqing couldn't take his eyes off the waist that was grasped so tightly and the waves that were about to come out.

"Oops! Unknowingly, I fell under the charm. No wonder my heart is impetuous and my blood is surging."

Chen Wenqing was running the "Shangqing Lingbao Scripture", and the eyebrows and sky eyes opened, exuding a majestic golden light.

“Celestial God, Broken!”

A golden light flashed from between Chen Wenqing's eyebrows, hitting the woman's body, and the woman turned into a real body, which turned out to be an ugly and fat old woman.

"what..."

The old woman let out a scream, covered her head and rolled on the ground, howling.

"You actually broke my charm!"

"Damn! Damn! My cultivation level has fallen to the foundation building!"

"Unforgivable! I'm going to kill you, I'm going to cut you into pieces!"

The old woman's eyes were red, and she prostrated herself on the ground, making a gurgling sound from her throat, and her whole body grew yellow-brown hair.

Chen Wenqing looked at the "old woman" lying on the ground, and turned into a cat demon in an instant. Looking at that fat and ugly look, thinking of calling him sister just now, he couldn't help but make the corners of his mouth twitch.

"I'll go! Such an ugly and fat orange cat!"


		