

It was still the familiar sword light.

Even though I have seen it so many times, every time it appears, it will make people feel extremely amazing.

"It's Junior Brother Chen, Junior Brother Chen has finally appeared..."

"We are saved."

"Great, now we have finally gathered all the members of the Fulu Taoist Academy."

Everyone rejoiced, and once again saw the dawn from death.

"Who is it, who is it... Get out!"

The leopard monster raised its head to the sky and roared, watching its fore paw being cut off by a sword, it broke out in a cold sweat from fright, and at the same time felt very angry.

At this time.

A tall figure came out from behind the sand pile in the distance, walking slowly step by step...

It was Chen Wenqing who came.

It's just that he doesn't seem to be in good condition, not only his face is pale and bloodless, but his lips are dry and even peeled. His dark blue Taoist robe is stained with blood, and he looks disfigured, as if every step takes a With great strength.

Chen Wenqing leaned on a sword in one hand, and supported a gray mouse in the other, with a cold murderous look in her eyes.

"You beast, are you looking for me?"

The leopard demon stared at Chen Wenqing's precarious body, showing disdain, "You can even send out that sword with your little golden core? Call the person behind you to come out, I'm going to tear him apart!"

The leopard demon didn't take Chen Wenqing seriously at all, and blew a gust of wind at Chen Wenqing, like sending off an annoying fly.

"Clang!"

A golden sword light flashed, and the wind blown by the leopard demon was split in half by a sword.

The leopard demon felt the familiar sharpness in the sword light, looked down at the thin young man in front of him, and admitted that he had lost his sight.

"Huh? Is it really you, an ant?"

The leopard demon was furious, and slapped Chen Wenqing with its claws. Black air flowed on the iron claws, with the sound of breaking the wind.

Chen Wenqing greeted the dragon-slaying sword, and the leopard demon's iron claws intersected with the dragon-slaying sword, making a sound of gold and iron.

A huge force came, and Chen Wenqing was shot far away before he stopped his figure.

"I thought you were so strong, but it turns out that you are just a silver wax gun head, useless!"

"Such a weak sword is not even good enough to tickle me!"

The leopard demon felt that the spiritual power of Chen Wenqing's dragon-slaying sword was thin and weak, and with just a random blow, he had already tested the depth.

"Boy, how did you cut off my front paw just now? Why didn't you use this sword?"

There was a mocking look in the leopard demon's eyes.

He already understood that the spiritual power in the body of the person in front of him was extremely empty, and he was afraid that he would no longer be able to use such a sword.

Chen Wenqing took a deep breath, and felt that there was more spiritual power in the meridians while speaking.

Although after being buried under the quicksand for more than ten days, his spiritual power has been exhausted, but in order to maintain the functioning of his body, he unintentionally cultivated the "Shangqing Lingbao Manual" to an extremely high level. Now he only needs to think, and the "Shangqing Lingbao Sutra" can run on its own and absorb spiritual energy.

A faint smile appeared on Chen Wenqing's pale face.

I saw him holding the Dragon Slaying Sword slightly, and suddenly a golden light covered his whole body, covering the Dragon Slaying Sword as well.

"Although I can no longer use the sword of killing evil for the time being, it is not impossible to deal with you!"

Chen Wenqing projected the spiritual power of the gold element and the divine light of the golden mantra onto the dragon-slaying sword, and the dragon-slaying sword suddenly made the sound of a dragon chant.

"To deal with you, there is no need to use magical powers!"

"All you need is an A!"

Before the leopard demon understood what "Ping A" meant, he saw the opponent's body move and stabbed towards him with a sword.

"Small tricks, how dare you do the same thing? I'll tear you apart!"

The leopard demon didn't care about this ordinary sword, because he only felt a faint flow of spiritual power from the blade, and it seemed that he couldn't threaten him at all.

Leopard demon facing Chen

Wen Qing tore it away with a claw, and Chen Wenqing stabbed straight at him with a sword. Both sides did not defend themselves and let the other party attack.

"Hahaha, I'm covered in copper skin and iron bones, and it's just a dream that the little Jindan wants to break through my defense!"

The leopard demon laughed. He seemed to have seen the bloody scene where Chen Wenqing was cut in two under his claws.

"yes?"

Chen Wenqing's indifferent voice came, and the dragon-slaying sword in his hand protruded a little more.

There was only a sound of "噗嗤", and the dragon-slaying sword pierced into the leopard demon's body.

At this time, the leopard demon's iron claws also caught Chen Wenqing's waist.

"Aw..."

"It hurts me too!"

The leopard demon let out a scream, and there was panic in the voice.

Chen Wenqing was shot more than ten feet away by the leopard demon's claw, but was blocked by the golden light covering his body, and he did not suffer any harm.

"how is this possible?"

The leopard demon screamed in horror, there was a blood hole in his chest, and blood was continuously oozing out.

He couldn't believe that the opponent's thin body had such strength.

He could feel that the spiritual power attached to the sword piercing him was extremely limited.

Moreover, he believed that under his own claws, even the body of steel could not resist. Unexpectedly, it was blocked by this faint golden light.

"hateful!"

The leopard demon roared unwillingly, "You are obviously only a golden core, you are so weak, how can you hurt me?"

Chen Wenqing didn't refute, but just raised the sword, stepped on the seven stars, stepped on the fight, and slashed towards the opponent with one sword after another.

The dragon-slaying sword is sharp and unparalleled, and now it is covered with golden light curse light and gold-type spiritual power, so it is just an ordinary "level A", and its power should not be underestimated.

Although the power of "Ping A" is hard to compare with the swords of "Zhuxie" and "Dragon Yin", fortunately, it doesn't consume much spiritual power.

And Chen Wenqing was buried under the Shahe River for more than ten days, and his spiritual power was already exhausted. What he lacks now is spiritual power!

"You have too many flaws!"

Chen Wenqing's sky eyes opened slightly, shooting out streaks of golden light, every move of the leopard monster was invisible under the sky eyes.

"laugh"

"laugh"

Chen Wenqing unleashed five swords in a row, turning from defense to offense.

at this time.

The leopard demon's claw was cut off by Zhu Xie's sword, and another sword was received on the chest, so the speed has dropped a lot.

After five sword strikes, the leopard monster blocked three sword strikes, but the other two swords pierced between the armpit and the monster's abdomen at a very tricky angle.

"Ah...hateful!"

The leopard demon has already felt a huge threat to his life, and he knows that if this continues, he may be the one who will die today.

then.

The leopard demon shrank sharply, turned into a black panther, and fled towards the demon group.

He actually slipped away? !

Everyone in the Fulu Taoist Academy looked at the mighty leopard demon just now, and under Chen Wenqing's sword after sword, they fled away in wolves regardless of their status as the great demon in the stage of leaving their bodies.

Seeing the leopard demon fleeing in embarrassment, the group of demons immediately became agitated.

Even the formation that surrounded the people of Fulu Daoist Academy became disorganized.

Chen Wenqing watched the group of monsters receding like a tide, and couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief.

only.

Things didn't seem to be developing as everyone in Fulu Taoist Academy expected.

I saw that the rioting monsters seemed to have received some instructions, and they filled up the messy gaps just now, and they also lined up to slowly shrink the encirclement.

"what's going on?"

Chen Wenqing was perplexed. He watched the turbulent monsters around him calm down again, and quickly reorganized their formation, which was more orderly than before.

"The leopard demon has already been killed by me, why is it still like this?"

Chen Wenqing stared at the group of monsters with wide-open pupils.

Exuding a majestic golden light.

"In this group of monsters, there must be one hidden, which can command the leader of the group."

"I must find him as soon as possible! Otherwise, if this group of evildoers swarm up, I am afraid that today is really doomed!"

Chen Wenqing gathered all the remaining spiritual power on the sky eye, and he wanted to find the leader who could command the group of monsters in the sea of ​​monsters.

"Catch the thief first and catch the king!"

"Only I find him and kill him!"

"This crisis can only be resolved!"

Chen Wenqing thought so.

The golden light between the brows and the sky eyes is shining brightly, and the power of thunder is faintly shining.

Wherever the golden light passed, all the demons were fixed in place.

Can't move.


		