

Li Youcai was very curious, and leaned over to see what Chen Wenqing was writing.

As a former disciple of Confucianism, Li Youcai practiced Confucianism and Taoism for decades. Although his talent is limited, and his cultivation only stays in the realm of Confucianism and Taoism, his ability to appreciate poetry is not lacking.

Therefore, when Li Youcai saw that the whole poem was slowly written by Chen Wenqing, the expression on his face became more and more surprised, and finally burst into tears.

"Thousands of mountains and birds fly away, and ten thousand paths of people disappear."

"Boat PC World Weng, fishing alone trees and snow."

Li Youcai read the song "Jiang Xue" word by word. The voice was excited, but also a little lonely and desolate. Tears rolled in his eyes, and he cried and laughed on his round, chubby face.

"Junior brother, I suspect that you are not human at all. You should be the reincarnation of Shi Xian!"

"This poem does not say that there will be no one in the future, but no one in the past should be able to do it." Li Youcai wept with joy, and held Chen Wenqing tightly all night.

"Junior brother is serious. I was also given this poem by heaven and man. Besides, I don't understand Confucianism and Taoism at all. It is just right to pass it on to junior brother at this time." Chen Wenqing said lightly, with a smile on the corner of his mouth, "I don't know, whether junior brother Can you rely on this poem to gain the recognition of Confucianism and Taoism in one fell swoop?"

"Senior brother is not a Confucianist, so maybe he doesn't know the value of this poem. I really feel ashamed to accept it, why don't you try to practice Confucianism, brother! I believe that with the talent of my brother, you may be able to practice both Confucianism and Taoism. To achieve the true Taoism, Confucianism and Taoism are the most holy."

Chen Wenqing didn't expect that Li Youcai was still thinking about herself at this time, and she was deeply moved, so she said seriously: "There are three thousand weak waters, just take one scoop. Taoism is boundless, and now I have just started, but it is not suitable for me to practice Confucianism at the same time. I'll think about it when I have a chance in the future."

"Junior Brother, don't refuse any more! I will protect the Dharma for you. Just try to see if you can use this poem to gain the recognition of Confucianism and Taoism's righteousness. If it succeeds, then our chances of completing the task will be greatly increased."

"This is the greatest help to senior brother!" Chen Wenqing looked directly into Li Youcai's eyes and said heavily.

Li Youcai nodded when he heard the words and refused to refuse. He just secretly decided in his heart that he must protect Chen Wenqing's Zhouquan and become a qualified guardian.


the next day.

Everyone has arrived at the second mission destination, Wangjiazhuang.

Wangjiazhuang is located more than 200 miles west of Liuchen County. It is a big village with more than 2,000 people. It is said that Wangjiazhuang has been making ice and selling ice for more than 300 years.

Of course, Wangjiazhuang is no longer limited to ice making and selling, whether it is inns, cloth, tea, salt, or iron smelting. It’s just that ice-making is an ancestral tradition, so when mentioning Wangjiazhuang, the first thing that comes to mind is Wangjiazhuang’s ancestral ice-making industry.

At this time, in the Wangji Inn.

"Well, it's really refreshing to eat a bite of ice in such a hot weather!" Li Youcai picked up the sea bowl, and swallowed "ton ton ton" together with ice cubes and ice water, letting out a hearty hiss.

Sitting on the second floor of the inn, Chen Wenqing looked at the sparse pedestrians downstairs, and said with a smile: "It is true. Wangjiazhuang's "ice ice" is indeed a masterpiece. I am very curious about how Wangjiazhuang makes it in this hot summer. Ice. Could it be that Wangjiazhuang also raised monks who have mastered ice-type spells and are dedicated to making ice?"

"Brother, you are joking, how can Wang Family Village support ice-type monks? Not to mention that ice-type monks are extremely rare. Ice making is the foundation of Wang Family Village's ancestral life, and it is indeed difficult for outsiders to know."

"What Junior Brother said is true," Chen Wenqing smiled, and continued, "Since everyone has rested, let's stop delaying and go directly to see the elders of the Wang family village!"

Wangjiazhuang Ancestral Hall is easy to find.

Everyone asked casually, and then searched for the largest and most magnificent building in Wangjiazhuang. After about half a stick of incense, they came to the ancestral hall of Wangjiazhuang.

"The poor Taoist is Chen Wenqing, a Taoist priest of Zixia Temple. His Taoist name is Chunyangzi. This is my junior brother Zhengyangzi. I was invited to investigate the matter of Wangjiazhuang." Chen Wenqing said to the elders of the Wang family in front of him.

"Old man Wang Chang, he is the head of the royal family. He led the elders of the Wang family to meet the elders! This old man has been waiting for a long time. It is a great honor to meet the two elders today. Please invite the two elders."

Chen Wenqing followed Wang Chang into the Wangjiazhuang ancestral hall. After everyone sat down, Chen Wenqing immediately asked:

"Wangjiazhuang, can the patriarch explain it in detail? Pindao still doesn't know much about it."

Wang Chang respectfully heard the words, stood up and said, "It should, it should."

"About seven days ago, Zhuang Min reported that the chickens and sheep in captivity were bitten to death by something, and there were two deep black tooth marks on the neck. Moreover, the blood of the dead chickens and sheep was sucked dry, and they became A mummy was killed. According to feedback from the villagers, this is probably the work of zombies."

Wang Chang continued: "At the beginning, the old man and the elders of the clans didn't take this matter to heart. They just thought it was the work of walking corpses passing by by chance. Because there are several similar incidents in Wangjiazhuang every year. event."

"Until later, more and more chickens, ducks, pigs, dogs, cattle and sheep died, and some village residents were even attacked overnight. So far, there have been thirteen murders, and this matter is beyond the scope of control. This is the end of the matter. We have to send someone to invite the high-ranking Taoists of Zixia Temple to come forward to deal with it."

The patriarch of the royal family looked mournful, his withered hands were leaning on crutches with blue veins, and he was beating the sound of "dong dong dong" on the bluestone floor, and he seemed quite excited.

Seeing this, Chen Wenqing remained unmoved, and said, "Is there anything else the old patriarch forgot to explain? Pindao once heard a report from the Foreign Affairs Hall that a hole seemed to have been dug in the ancestral grave of Wangjiazhuang, but the coffin was gone. The bones of the ancestors of the Wang family. I guess Pindao is right about this matter, right?"

Wang Chang's face changed drastically when he heard the words. After hesitating for a while, he sighed and said, "Unexpectedly, the news of Zixia Temple is so well-informed. Since the Taoist priest already knows, there is no need for the old man to hide it. Otherwise, I will never feel sorry for my ancestors, or the people of Wangjiazhuang who died for no reason."

Chen Wenqing nodded when she heard the words, and said, "Please ask the old patriarch to explain in detail, so that it is so convenient for the poor to do whatever they want."

"Alas..." The Patriarch Wang let out a long sigh and said, "It's a long story. About two hundred years ago, my Wangjiazhuang was a small village with only seventy households. The villagers were poor. , I can’t eat enough. I don’t know where my ancestors of the Wang family got the half-volume fragments of Taoism.”

"I learned from the fragments that when a person dies, he only needs to have half a breath left. When he is buried in the earth, choose a place of pure yin, and then he can turn into a zombie in a few decades. My ancestors of the Wang family were willing to turn into a zombie , to benefit the royal family for a hundred years!"

When Chen Wenqing heard the words, his expression changed, he suddenly realized, and said angrily: "Could it be that the method of making ice passed down by the Wang family village is based on the extremely cold air emitted by the Wang family zombies?"

Thinking of this, Chen Wenqing's stomach twitched and he almost vomited out.

"Ouch...vomit..." Li Youcai covered his mouth when he heard the words, but he was already retching beside him.

"Using the extremely cold air emitted by zombies to make ice is simply harmful to nature! The cold air emitted by zombies will aggravate people's Yin air over time, and the cold air will enter the body, and even the weak and sick people will die!" Chen Wenqing pointed at the royal family. The old man burst into a rage.

"As expected of Zixia's high morality, the old man has already calculated this matter halfway through the talk!" Wang Chang said with a desolate look on his face, "My royal family has ancestors' precepts, but if my king The family members cannot eat ice. Therefore, nothing has happened for so many years."

"It's simply unreasonable! Wangjiazhuang has a ancestral teaching not to eat ice, but it publicizes the benefits of eating ice. Nowadays, ice making in Wangjiazhuang is widely spread. Some people even come here for a bite of ice, and they have a sense of shame. Is it?" Chen Youcai stopped retching and glared.

"Alas... the fat Taoist priest is right. We are indeed ashamed of our ancestors. If we were not too greedy, we would not be here. The Wang family has ancestors' precepts, and the ice production will stop after two hundred years, and Be sure to burn the ancestral land of the Wang family, otherwise there may be disasters."

Wang Chang continued to sigh, and said: "However, the Wang Family Manor made their fortune by making ice. Ice making is a huge profit, and the clansmen really couldn't bear to burn the Wang family's ancestral business. Who knew, disaster would come indeed!"

Chen Wenqing pointed at the clan elders present, shook his head and said: "Zombies are born from the resentment and filth of the world. They are immortal, immortal, and rejected by the three realms of heaven, earth and human beings from the six realms of sentient beings. They are wandering and homeless. "

"For the sake of their descendants, the ancestors of the Wang family were willing to sacrifice their lives and turn into zombies. After death, they used their bodies to emit cold air to help Wangjiazhuang make ice and make wealth. From this point of view, although the impoverished people do not approve of this, the behavior of the ancestors of the Wang family is still admirable. .”

"It's a pity that the descendants of the future generations are too greedy. They don't feel sorry for the painstaking efforts of the ancestors. The ancestors of the Wang family must not have imagined that the descendants are a bunch of wolf-hearted people who are only interested in profit!" Chen Wenqing continued to scold, "As descendants, you have never thought Let the ancestors be freed as soon as possible, but blindly worry about the loss of interests!"

"Can't bear to burn the ancestral property of the Wang family? It's only for profit, and you've been said to be so righteous. Today is an eye-opener for the poor Taoist!"

"Unfaithful and unfilial, unkind and unrighteous! We are talking about people like you!"

After Chen Wenqing's angry reprimand, she took a long breath, and then said: "If it's possible, it's okay for the poor to accept this task in Wangjiazhuang!"

As the patriarch of Wangjiazhuang, Wang Chang himself was ashamed by what Chen Wenqing said. At this time, when I heard Chen Wenqing say that this task was about to be given up, I felt panicked in my heart, and said in a mournful voice:

"I have already realized my mistake, so I implore the Taoist priest to save the people of my Wangjiazhuang village. Otherwise, more than 2,000 lives in my Wangjiazhuang, and 200 years of hard work will all be destroyed because of the Taoist priest!"

Chen Wenqing looked at all this coldly when he heard the words, and said coldly, "Oh! Is this the beginning of moral kidnapping?"

"The century-old foundation of Wangjiazhuang was destroyed by the poor?"

"Wait, shameless!"


		