

Zixia Temple, inside Fulu Taoist Temple.

Chen Wenqing and the others had just returned to Fulu Taoist Academy when they were called by Cheng Jiaoyu.

"Wen Qing, did everything go well for you to go down the mountain this time? How is the task done?" Cheng Yu asked while making tea.

"Although there were many twists and turns, overall everything went smoothly, and the task was completed as expected." Chen Wenqing replied after taking a sip of tea.

"It's good that the task is completed. Let's take a good rest for the next few days. After seven days, it will be a competition with the disciples of the Shu Dao Academy..." Cheng Jiaoyu suddenly stopped at this point.

Chen Wenqing looked at Cheng Jiaoyu's hesitant to speak, and thought of Zhang Qian's words, he couldn't help asking: "Did something change after we went down the mountain? Zhang Qian, once said that this battle can only be won." , not allowed to lose."

"Ugh!"

Cheng Jiaoyu sighed for a long time, stood up, and said: "Some time ago, the only core disciple of the Fulu Taoist Academy died at the hands of a monster when he went out to do a mission. Now, in the entire Zixia Temple, There are no more disciples of the Fulu Daoist Academy to enter the scope of core and direct disciples. Therefore, the deputy director suggested that the Fulu Daoist Academy should be disbanded at this point, and there is no need to continue to run it, because he thinks that only a few Fulu Daoist Temples from the outer sect Disciples are far from enough to support a monastery."

"Then what happened next?" Chen Wenqing asked.

"The temple master does not agree to the closure of the Fulu Taoist Temple. Therefore, there are now two different voices in the Zixia Temple. The person representing the deputy temple master agrees to cancel the Fulu Taoist Temple, but the other half headed by the temple master is to continue In support of the Fulu Taoist Academy, the two opinions are very divided."

"What about the final decision?"

"Later, the Vice-Chancellor learned from nowhere that our Fulu Dao Academy and the Shu Dao Academy had an appointment. Therefore, the final proposal was that if the Fulu Dao Academy wins in this appointment, then the Fulu Dao Academy will continue to retain it. If the Fulu Taoist Academy fails, then the Fulu Taoist Academy will be disbanded from now on, and there will be no more Fulu Daoyuan in Zixia Temple from now on."

Chen Wenqing understood at this time, and sighed: "In the final analysis, this is a game between the master and the deputy master! And our Fulu Taoist Temple is just a pawn in their game. I wonder if I am right?"

Cheng Yu said sadly, "Although I don't want to admit it, the fact is true."

"Since the Guanzhu's serious injury has not recovered, the deputy Guanzhu has been eyeing the position of the Guanzhu. Now the situation between the Guanzhu and the deputy Guanzhu has been at odds. Unfortunately, my Fulu Daoyuan used to be the Guanzhu's lineage, and now Weakness is just a good opportunity to suppress viewers."

Chen Wenqing said: "Cheng Jiaoyu, please don't worry, the Fulu Daoist Academy will not collapse, and I will not let them succeed!" After speaking, his mind moved, and the aura representing the middle stage of foundation establishment emanated from Chen Wenqing.

"Is this the Foundation Establishment Stage? Or the Middle Stage of the Foundation Establishment Stage?!" Cheng Yu was shocked, feeling the breath coming from Chen Wenqing, and felt relieved a lot.

"Please rest assured, the Fulu Taoist Academy will win this battle!" Chen Wenqing said confidently.

"Okay! Since you are so confident, then I can rest assured! These few days, you can rest assured to adjust your body and mind, and just tell me what you need." Cheng Jiaoyu relaxed his mood.

Chen Wenqing said: "There is one thing that may really need to be taught. This time down the mountain, I found that my shortcoming is obvious, that is, once I get close, I become helpless. So, I would like to ask for advice." Let me teach you, is there any suitable swordsmanship that can be practiced in Zixia Temple?"

"What? You want to learn sword?!" Cheng Jiaoyu asked in surprise.

"Yes. I have already thought about it. I want to practice a sword technique for melee self-defense while practicing the way of talismans."

Cheng Yu frowned slightly when he heard this, and said, "I don't know much about swordsmanship. But maybe you can ask Zhang Qian. Zhang Qian, as the first person in the outer sect, is also a good master of swords. Maybe he can give you some advice."

Chen Wenqing heard the words and said: "Not bad! Just to see how much contribution value can be exchanged for the completion of this mission. It would be great if the contribution value can be exchanged for a sword manual!"

Chen Wenqing bid farewell to the teaching instructions and came to the Foreign Affairs Hall, where he found Senior Brother Zhang Qian.

"Senior Brother Zhang, I have successfully completed this mission card, and I hereby deliver it."

"Junior Brother Chen, I've been waiting for you for a long time, and I didn't expect you to come." Zhang Qian took the task card and said with a smile: "This is your contribution value after completing this task, a total of 13,000 contributions Value. Contribution points can be exchanged for pills, cultivation techniques, weapons, etc., I wonder what the younger brother wants to exchange for?"

"Senior brother Zhang, I want to exchange for a sword technique, but is there a suitable technique?"

"Swordsmanship?" Zhang Qian showed surprise on his face, "Isn't Junior Brother practicing the way of talismans? Why do you want to practice swordsmanship all of a sudden?"

Chen Wenqing explained: "When I went down to do the task this time, I found that my biggest shortcoming was that I almost lost the power to resist when I got close. Therefore, I want to practice an extra sword technique for self-defense."

"I see! Thirteen thousand contribution points are indeed enough to exchange for one sword art. I have six sword arts here that are within the exchangeable range. Junior brother, you might as well take a look."

After Zhang Qian finished speaking, he handed over a scroll. Chen Wenqing opened the scroll, and saw the introduction of the six swordsmanship written on the scroll.

"Blaster Swordsmanship: The sword is like a raging wind, and the sword is extremely fast. It is suitable for the cultivation of the foundation."

"Liangyi swordsmanship: There are yin and yang in the swordsmanship, both rigid and soft. When making moves, they are sometimes slow and sometimes fast. The sword moves are simple and vigorous, suitable for cultivation in the foundation building."

"Vajra Sword Technique: It was originally a Buddhist sword technique, and it is said to be used by the angry-eyed Vajra to subdue demons. The sword technique is powerful and heavy, and is suitable for cultivation in the Foundation Establishment Realm."

"Thousand Illusion Swordsmanship: Ever-changing, dazzling, as fast as lightning, like dreams and illusions, this swordsmanship has a miraculous effect when combined with the soul-absorbing technique. It is suitable for cultivation in the foundation-building realm."

"Devil Demon Sword Technique: The sword technique has a mighty righteousness, which has a certain blessing effect on monsters and ghosts, and is suitable for cultivation in the Foundation Establishment Realm."

"Dragon Slaying Sword Technique (Incomplete): This sword technique is said to have been used in ancient times to slay dragons. It is extremely powerful when combined with the Dragon Slaying Sword. Even slaying dragons is no problem. The second half of the volume is missing."

Chen Wenqing was overjoyed seeing this, but she remained calm on the surface, and asked Zhang Qian, "Can this dragon-slaying sword technique really kill a real dragon?"

"Hmm. Except for this dragon-slaying swordsmanship, all of the six swordsmanship have been practiced successfully. My junior has the dragon-slaying swordsmanship. If we cooperate with this set of dragon-slaying swordsmanship, it may have a miraculous effect."

Chen Wenqing heard the words, thought for a moment and said: "Senior brother Zhang's words are not unreasonable. However, the other five sets of swordsmanship clearly indicate that they are suitable for cultivation in the foundation-building realm. But I don't know if there is a realm requirement for the cultivation of the dragon-slaying swordsmanship? "

"I checked the records of the Foreign Affairs Hall. In the past five hundred years, no one has practiced the dragon-slaying sword technique. As for whether anyone practiced it earlier, I don't know."

Chen Wenqing hesitated for a moment and said: "The dragon-slaying sword and the dragon-slaying sword technique should not be wrong. Senior brother, I have decided to choose this incomplete dragon-slaying sword technique!"

"Okay! Brother, wait a moment, I'll get you the dragon-slaying sword technique. This dragon-slaying sword technique, which no one has practiced for five hundred years, may shine in the hands of junior brother!" Zhang Qian held the dragon-slaying sword technique. The sword technique was passed to Chen Wenqing and said.

"Thank you, Senior Brother Zhang!"

Zhang Qian said: "You and I don't need to be so polite. Cheng Jiaoyu must have told you about this competition between you and the Academy of Arts, right? You must go all out for this matter, and remember not to underestimate the enemy."

"In addition, I got the news that the two people who gambled with you seven days later have both broken through to the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm. Now the younger brother is only in the middle stage of the Foundation Establishment Stage. It may not be so easy to leapfrog the level and deal with the two of them at the same time."

"What? Those two people from the Shu Dao Institute have already broken through to the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm?" Chen Wenqing showed an incredulous expression, "Could it be that there is something tricky about this? In such a short period of time, they can break through three realms in a row?"

"I don't know how they broke through. However, the two of them are now in the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Stage, which has become a fact. Junior brother, you should think carefully about how to deal with it these days."

Chen Wenqing frowned upon hearing this.

"Seven days later, we will deal with two disciples of the Foundation Establishment Dzogchen School at the same time."

"It was a situation where I thought I was sure of winning. Now, it seems that the tree wants to be quiet, but the wind is not stopping!"


		