

Seeing that Zhang Qian was pretending to be deep, Chen Wenqing couldn't help laughing.

actually.

When introducing the Dragon Slaying Sword just now, Chen Wenqing was deliberately vague.

The main reason was because Chen Wenqing didn't want to expose the Dragon Slaying Sword right now.

Because, ever since Chen Wenqing practiced the first form of the Dragon Slaying Sword Technique, he has discovered that both the Dragon Slaying Sword and the Dragon Slaying Sword Technique are not as simple as they appear on the surface.

As Chen Wenqing's understanding of sword techniques deepened, he became more and more aware of the horror of the dragon-slaying sword and the dragon-slaying sword technique.

Chen Wenqing has already discovered that the Dragon Slaying Sword is not only a magical weapon, but also a treasure that can carry the merits of heaven and earth.

Chen Wenqing has acquired the merits of heaven and earth, but has never known how to use them.

By chance, when Chen Wenqing input a wisp of merit into the Dragon Slaying Sword.

He suddenly saw fourteen sleeping real dragons from the seal in the Dragon Slaying Sword.

Yes.

The current Dragon Slaying Sword is actually sealed.

As for the real Dragon Slaying Sword, I am afraid that its origin is astonishing.

Merit is the most mysterious force in the world. Anyone who has mastered the power of merit is the top existence in this world.

And the merits and virtues can motivate the dragon-slaying sword.

That means that the Dragon Slaying Sword is of extremely high grade.

It is so high that it is unimaginable with Chen Wenqing's current knowledge...

Of course, the power of a sword technique that can be activated by virtue must be extraordinary.

Chen Wenqing roughly compared it, and the power of the dragon-slaying sword technique using merit is probably more than ten times that of using spiritual power.

Chen Wenqing is only at the early stage of Golden Core, and in this world, he is just a beginner in cultivation.

He knew very well that his current strength was still too weak to protect the Dragon Slaying Sword.

Seeing that Chen Wenqing was in a daze suddenly, Zhang Qian said, "Junior brother, why are you still standing there? If you don't make a move again, I'll be rude to you?"

Hearing this, Chen Wenqing pulled out the dragon-slaying sword, leaned forward, and said with a smile: "Senior brother has an order, so how dare you disobey it!"

The dragon-slaying sword streaked across a stream of sword energy, attacking Zhang Qian.

There was sharp force in the sword energy, and it was astonishing that the whole body was cold.

but.

But Zhang Qian didn't dodge, just smiled at the corner of his mouth, and the Lengyue knife in his hand also cut out a knife light.

at this time.

The sword energy is vertical and horizontal, and the light of the knife is shining.

The two are lost in the invisible.

"Good sword!" Zhang Qian praised the sharp power in the sword light.

Chen Wenqing laughed, but the hand holding the sword hilt went numb for a while.

"Good knife!"

After Chen Wenqing made one move, he didn't stop.

I saw that he held the Dragon Slaying Sword and attacked Zhang Qian again. He knew that his cultivation was not as good as Zhang Qian's, so he could only attack first.

The light of the sword is like water, impenetrable.

The dragon-slaying sword in Chen Wenqing's hand slashed and stabbed, and every bit of it collapsed, which showed his skill.

Seeing that Chen Wenqing was attacking fiercely, Zhang Qian blocked from left to right, advancing and retreating in a controlled manner without any confusion.

After Chen Wenqing finished a set of sword moves, he didn't meet Zhang Qian's figure at all.

Zhang Qian saw that Chen Wenqing's aura was a little messed up, so he said, "Junior brother, your basic sword moves are solid enough. However, the connection between sword moves is still too blunt..."

Zhang Qian wielded the Lengyue knife, re-demonstrated the sword technique that Chen Wenqing had used just now, and attacked Chen Wenqing with the knife.

"Junior brother, please look!"

Zhang Qian drew a saber light from bottom to top, and said: "Zhang Qian should pick up three inches here..."

As soon as Zhang Qian made a move, he saw everyone's demeanor. I saw him explaining to Chen Wenqing while demonstrating the attack.

"When performing this move, the shoulders and elbows should sink down, and the sword should be stabbed quickly without any hesitation!"

"in addition!"

"You were here just now, and the connection of sword moves was not smooth enough, too eager."

"Swordsmanship can be slow or urgent. When you feel awkward, you should adjust it in due course..."

"Generally speaking, junior brother, you are too rigid about form. If you do this, you will fall into the pattern, and your opponent will see through every move..."


Zhang Qian used a sword as a sword, and reproduced Chen Wenqing's swordsmanship, and used it on Chen Wenqing himself, but Zhang Qian used it more smoothly.

Facing Zhang Qian's attack, Chen Wenqing blocked from left to right and retreated right. He was in a hurry, and soon fell into a disadvantage. The rhythm was completely led by Zhang Qian...

Seeing that Chen Wenqing was overwhelmed, Zhang Qian stopped.

"Junior brother, you have to keep in mind one thing. The so-called all dharmas return to the same goal. People who practice the Tao pay attention to the way, the law, the technique, the tool, and the power."

"Tao is the fundamental law and source of all Taoism. Everything has its origin, which is the ultimate pursuit of Taoism."

"The law is a general principle. There is no fixed law in the law, and it can be followed by reference, but it is not static. The law represents the general law."

"Skills are the specific ways of performing Taoism, such as swordsmanship, knife skills, talisman skills, Confucianism and so on."

"A tool refers to the dragon-slaying sword in your hand, or the cold moon knife in my hand. The tool represents tools and means, including all cultivation resources such as spiritual stones and elixir. If a worker wants to do a good job, he must first sharpen his tool, That's the reason."

"Position refers to the current objective conditions and situation. Such as cultivation base, physical condition, surrounding environment, etc..."

Zhang Qian talked eloquently, and he was not stingy with his own views on cultivation.

"The way of the world, no matter the way of the sword or the way of the sword, all paths lead to the same goal, and all methods converge to one."

"The so-called one who has achieved the Tao uses the law to deal with the situation."

Chen Wenqing was originally an extremely intelligent person with extraordinary savvy. Hearing this, he already had a clear understanding in his heart.

He bowed to Zhang Qian and said, "Thank you, brother, for your teaching. Wen Qing has benefited a lot!"

In fact, all roads in the world have something in common.

"Sun Tzu's Art of War" has a saying: "Those who make good use of soldiers cultivate the Tao and protect the law, so they can govern victory and defeat."

Chen Wenqing already had something in his heart, and said: "Insight into and follow the way of heaven, establish the laws that belong to the source, master the methods and techniques of cultivation, and make good use of some cultivation resources based on the situation, so that we can always achieve success."

Hearing this, Zhang Qian laughed hahaha and said, "Junior Brother really has a high level of comprehension, and he will surely achieve extraordinary things in the future!"

Walk to the poor water, sit and watch the clouds rise.

"The way is not easy; the law is easy; the art is changeable.

The law should not be treacherous, and the technique should not exceed the law. "

"The highest state of art is that in the face of unlimited freedom in behavior and operation, you can do whatever you want without overstepping the rules; do nothing and do everything.

"There is no fixed law, and all laws are unified."

After Zhang Qian finished speaking, the Lengyue knife in his hand pierced the sky, and the knife gang came to Chen Wenqing in an instant.

Before Chen Wenqing even had time to react, he was repelled by Dao Gang...

"This move just now is the pinnacle of sword skills, representing speed!"

"There is nothing in martial arts in the world that can't be broken, only speed can't be broken! If the level of skill reaches the extreme, it becomes a kind of way!"

"Skills become Taoism!"

In Chen Wenqing's mind, the practice of swordsmanship has become much clearer.

Until then, Chen Wenqing realized that he had finally touched the threshold of the way of swordsmanship.

"Brother!" Chen Wenqing held the dragon-slaying sword, showing his sharpness.

"I have gained a little now, can I ask my brother to give me some advice?"

Hearing this, Zhang Qian raised the Lengyue knife, "Come on!"

Chen Wenqing stepped on the seven stars and raised his sword.

In the questioning field, there was a fierce sound of gold and iron intersecting.

Both of their moves were extremely simple, and they did not use magical powers.

But even so, it also made the various Taoist disciples outside the venue mesmerized.

At this time, Chen Wenqing was already able to fight back and forth with Zhang Qian.

Chen Wenqing forgot himself to the fullest, displaying all his perception of the way of the sword one by one, Zhang Qian also intentionally offered his moves, and caught Chen Wenqing one by one.

finally.

After about three sticks of incense, the two finally stopped.

"Junior brother, how is today?" Zhang Qian looked at Chen Wenqing, who was dripping with sweat, and said with a smile.

"Hearty!" Chen Wenqing replied.

"But... I didn't get anything today!"

Zhang Qian pointed the Lengyue knife at Chen Wenqing from the air, and said, "What will the younger brother teach me?"

Chen Wenqing calmed down, laughed loudly, and said: "Senior brother, I have a sword. If I cultivate it to the depths, I can move mountains and seas, chase stars and take moons!"

"Brother, do you dare to try?"

"certainly!"

"Today I came here specially for your dragon-slaying sword technique, if you haven't tried it, wouldn't it be a pity!"

"Based on my current state, this sword can only deliver one blow, which is called killing evil! Only this one blow, no one at the peak of Jindan can stop it!"

"Oh? Then I need to try it even more today, Junior Brother's Sword Edge!"

at this time.

There was silence between heaven and earth.

A beam of sword light emanated from Chen Wenqing's dragon-slaying sword, like a golden dragon with a sky-sharp aura, unstoppable and Zhang Qian attacked.

Zhang Qian felt the threat of the dragon-slaying sword technique - Zhu Xie, with a cautious face, gathered his spiritual power into the blade body, turned it into a huge blade gang, and went to meet the golden dragon...

"Boom..."

When Jianqi met Daogang, there was a loud sound, which opened a long gully in the sky.

"Hahaha... really good swordsmanship!"

"Happy! Really happy!"

Zhang Qian was full of arrogance, his whole body flashed with aura, but he was not injured at all.

When Chen Wenqing saw this, she didn't feel surprised, but took it for granted.

"Sure enough... this move can only deal with monks below the peak of Jindan, and it's still a lot worse to defeat Senior Brother Zhang."

but.

Zhang Qian had a rich expression at this time, with a satisfied and regretful smile on his face.

"Junior Brother, your method of punishing evil is excellent, but unfortunately your cultivation base is still a bit low, it's a pity, it's a pity..."

Seeing Zhang Qian shaking his head, Chen Wenqing asked, "What's the pity?"

"Junior brother, I am using your sword to punish evil, and I saw the shadow of breaking through the golden core and reaching the exiting state."

"Unfortunately, the power of this move of yours is not satisfactory! Otherwise, from this sword move, I would definitely be able to comprehend the method of breaking through the Aperture Realm!"

"I entered the Tao with martial arts. Between life and death, there is great terror! Only at this time can I unleash my full potential!"

Chen Wenqing already understood at this time that the opportunity for Zhang Qian to break through to the Aperture Realm came so soon.

Moreover, I still realized it from my own dragon-slaying swordsmanship.

After Chen Wenqing slashed, he no longer had any spiritual power to use another slash.

but.

Chen Wenqing knew that when it comes to the strongest sword, it should be the sword of killing evil driven by the power of merit.

However, Chen Wenqing was worried that even Zhang Qian would find it difficult to resist that sword strike.

Therefore, Chen Wenqing was silent.

However, seeing that Chen Wenqing was silent, Zhang Qian's heart moved and he spoke.

"Junior brother, why don't you talk anymore? Could it be that you still have some tricks to hide?"

"What's the trick, don't hurry to show it..."

Chen Wenqing thought for a moment, and said very seriously: "I'm afraid of this sword, brother, you can't resist it...so..."

"what?"

Zhang Qian laughed angrily when he heard the words, he felt that he was underestimated by Chen Wenqing, and said, "Junior brother, are you going to float away so soon?"

"Today, if you can defeat me with one move..."

"I'll dance in front of everyone!"

Chen Wenqing said weakly: "Brother, do you want to dance in front of everyone if you lose?"

"That's not good?"

When Zhang Qian heard this, veins popped up on his forehead, and he was furious.

"What did you say? I will lose?"


		