

"Okay! This is the task card. After the task is completed, remember to bring back the corresponding task card from the other party for delivery. Only after delivery is the task completed. Different tasks can get corresponding points, and the points can be exchanged for various practices. resource."

Chen Wenqing took five mission cards from Zhang Qian and said, "Understood, thank you brother!"

"Go! I wish you all the best."

Chen Wenqing put away the task card and bid farewell to Zhang Qian, left the Foreign Affairs Hall, and returned to the Fulu Taoist Temple.

Cheng Yu was drawing a talisman at this time, when he saw Chen Wenqing came back, still holding a task card in his hand. So he put down the Dao pen in his hand, stood up and said, "Wenqing, you are back, show me what task you have received."

Cheng Yu flipped through Chen Wenqing's mission cards and said, "These five missions are well chosen! They are indeed more suitable for your current cultivation level, and the locations are all on Jiangnan Road, not too far from Zixia Temple. Also convenient."

"Of course, Senior Brother Zhang Qian chose this for us!" Li Youcai said loudly.

"Zhang Qian? How did you know Zhang Qian? Zhang Qian is known as the number one in the outer sect and the second in the inner sect. His talent and talent are top-notch."

"Senior brother Zhang Qian has helped me twice, and my ability to join the Fulu Academy also depends on the help of senior brother Zhang Qian."

Cheng Yu nodded when he heard the words, and said, "Then I feel much more at ease."

"Let's go to the Talisman Artifact Pavilion first to pick some magic artifacts. Our disciples of the Fulu Academy have not gone down the mountain to do missions for six years. I didn't expect that the Magic Artifact Pavilion of the Fulu Academy will finally be opened once."

Cheng Yu sighed: "My Fulu Academy is weak, and I don't have any treasures to get close to. This is the only piece of "Five Thunders and the Righteous Dharma Talisman" left in my Fulu Academy. This time you will carry it with you when you go down the mountain. I hope you It won't be used then."

"This talisman is too precious, and Wenqing is ashamed to accept it."

"Wenqing, take it. You are the hope of the entire Fulu Taoist Academy. It doesn't matter if the Fulu is gone, but you must not have any accidents."

Chen Wenqing looked at Cheng Yu's solemn expression, took the talisman and bowed deeply, and said, "Please rest assured, Wenqing will return safely!"

Talisman Daoist Temple, inside the Dharma Artifact Pavilion.

"Brother, what magic weapon should we choose for our descent this time? There are too many magic weapons..."

Li Youcai was dazzled and at a loss as to what to do when he looked at the dazzling array of magical artifacts in the Magical Artifact Pavilion.

Chen Wenqing picked up a Sanqing bell, because it had not been used for a long time, and a layer of dust had accumulated on it. Chen Wenqing blew lightly, and the fly ash fell down, revealing his true colors.

"Of course I choose the magic weapon according to the task. The first task is that the official seal was stolen, and there was a demonic aura left on the scene. It was obvious that the demon was causing trouble, so I chose the demon-binding rope and the Sanqing bell."

"The second task is to split the ancestral graves, and the chickens and dogs are sucked into mummified corpses. It means that there must be zombies infested, so choose mahogany swords, talismans, and gossip mirrors."

"As for the third task, it's hard to assess what evil spirits are responsible for, so I chose the Four Spirits Order Banner, which can be attacked while advancing, and defended when retreating."

"The fourth and fifth tasks are related to the Yin God, so I chose Fayin and Canopy Ruler to fight the Yin God."

"In addition, I have also prepared a lot of talismans that can kill demons and destroy evil, just in case something happens."

Li Youcai scratched his head and said, "Brother, you are more considerate. Although I haven't mastered the way of talismans, I don't know how to use magic tools. But fortunately, I can barely handle Confucianism..."

"Hahaha, Junior Brother Li is being modest!"


The rising sun dyed Tianmen Mountain golden.

The purple clouds rise from the mountain stream, and the clouds are misty, lingering among the mountains, like a paradise.

At the gate of Zixia Temple, Chen Wenqing is wearing the yellow Taoist robe of Zixia Temple, a star crown on his head, a mahogany sword on his back, and three clear bells in his hand, with a firm face. And Li Youcai also dressed as a Taoist priest, standing aside, carrying a bulging bag on his body.

"Please don't send me any more instruction, please return it now." Chen Wenqing bowed and said.

"Well, be careful. I'll wait for your safe return!"

Chen Wenqing bid farewell to Cheng Jiaoyu, walked down the stone steps of Zixia Temple, and gradually disappeared into the forest step by step.

The sword has been worn, and the rivers and lakes are here when you go out.

Chen Wenqing's first destination was Liuchen County.

Liuchen County is located on the east side of Jin Jiangnan Road, about 200 miles away from Tianmen Mountain. It is a large county with a population of about 100,000.

As cultivators, Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai traveled very fast, and they arrived at the Liuchen county government office in the afternoon of the same day.

It was the first time for Chen Wenqing to see the county government in this world, and compare it with the ancient Chinese county government. The biggest difference is that there are actually two county government offices, side by side.

On the left side of the county government office, there is a stone lion on the left and right sides. Above the beam of the county yamen, there is a plaque with the words "Mirror hangs high" written on it, which is no different from the ancient county yamen in Chen Wenqing's memory.

The biggest difference lies in the county government office on the right, or "City God's Office". On the left and right sides of the county government office on the right are not stone lions, but stone statues of two Yin gods with a bull's head and a horse's face. There is also a plaque hanging above the beam of the Chenghuang Yamen, with the words "yin and yang have laws" written on it.

Obviously, the county government on the left is dedicated to managing the common people in Liuchen County, while the county government on the right is in charge of the "ghosts and ghosts" in Chenliu County.

At this time, the gate of the county government office on the left is open, while the gate of the "City God's Office" on the right is tightly closed.

The first task Chen Wenqing received was the loss of the official seal of the county government in the human world. So he took Li Youcai and walked towards the county government office on the left, and said to the gatekeeper: "The two Taoist priests Zixiaguan Chunyang and Zhengyang are invited to come, please report."

After finishing speaking, Chen Wenqing took out the Zixia Temple task badge.

"It turns out that there are two masters of Zixia Temple. Our magistrate Wang has been waiting for a long time, and he has already ordered the younger ones. If the master Zixia Temple arrives, you can come in directly without passing through."

"Two high priests, please come inside!"

Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai followed the yamen servants into the county yamen.

"This is?"

As soon as Chen Wenqing stepped into the county office, he felt that the magic power circulating in his body became stagnant. Chen Wenqing's mind moved, and he immediately followed the "Shangqing Lingbao Manual" to circulate his Qi, and the stagnant mana became round and smooth again.

"The yamen can actually suppress the operation of a cultivator's mana?" Chen Wenqing thought to himself, he looked at Li Youcai beside him, and it seemed that it had no effect.

At this moment, a voice came.

"Zixia Guan, two high-ranking Taoists, let me wait." As soon as the words fell, a person came over.

This person was wearing a dark blue official uniform, with a short-to-medium stature, with an anxious expression on his face, and said: "I have met two Taoist priests. I am Wang Gongquan, the magistrate of Liuchen County."

"Magistrate Wang, you are being polite. I am Chunyangzi, the Taoist name of Zixia Temple, and this is my junior brother Zhengyangzi."

"Pindao went down the mountain this time, and received a mission to say that Liuchen county official seal was lost, and it was suspected to be the work of a monster. I don't know if there is such a thing?"

"It is true. I am anxious about this matter now. The loss of the official seal is a major event. This official seal is related to the livelihood of 100,000 Li people in Liuchen County. Please find it within three days. Otherwise, the copy If there is a backlog and government orders are not implemented, disasters may arise over time.”

Chen Wenqing nodded when she heard the words, and said: "It's not too late, please ask County Magistrate Wang to take Pindao to investigate the place where the official seal was lost!"

"I thank the two priests!"

"Two priests, please follow me here!"


		