

Three days later.

On the banks of the Poyang River.

Chen Wenqing chose a place with a rather high terrain to set up a ceremony with golden inscriptions and sacrificial offerings. Please proclaim the mantra for the ritual ceremony, set up an altar, and sacrifice to the river god.

The dharma altar is about five feet high, and the whole body is made of pine wood, with a red desk on it.

On the desk is a portrait of the Taoist patriarch Tianshi, a pair of red candles, a sandalwood burner, a sandalwood dish, a water purification cup, a slip of the law, a token, a wooden fish, and yellow table paper.

The incense burner is filled with rice in a five-liter rice bucket, and magic weapons such as the demon sword, order flag, and Huiguang iron fork are inserted in the rice for use in law enforcement. A gossip mirror is hung on the altar, expressing the hope of the gossip god to guide the way. "Glass Fairy Lantern" is hung on the top of the inner altar, and there are many statues of gods such as the ancestor of Huangling on the other table, which are worshiped with incense candles, and the statues of Qingling, Bailing, Red Spirit, and Heiling Shilao in the four directions are worshiped with incense candles ,

At this time, when the showers had just stopped, Chen Wenqing climbed onto the altar and began to practice. He saw that he was stepping on the seven stars, stepping on the bucket, holding a mahogany sword, and chanting a mantra:

"Five-star photo, bright five directions"

"Mercury prevents disaster, wood virtue brings prosperity"

"Yingzhuo eliminates disasters, Taibai provides soldiers"

"Four datas of town and star, family and country Liheng"

"Jade Slips of Famous Journals, Records of Imperial Households"

"Riding the bokeh, soaring into space"

"In and out of the dark world, travel and feast in ten directions"

"Five clouds and floating cover, beckoning the gods and taking the wind"

"Serve all spirits, Shangwei Xianweng"

"The sky is clear and the earth is spiritual. The soldiers will follow the orders, the soldiers will follow the seals, and will follow the orders. I submit the order of the patriarchs of the upper and lower three Qings. I will rush to Poyang River to listen to the orders. The soldiers are as fast as fire and as fast as the law! Forgive me!"

Chen Wenqing carried a stack of yellow talismans on his mahogany sword, which ignited in the wind and turned into a cloud of blue smoke, drifting away towards the rolling Poyang River.

"Senior brother, the three animals and six animals used in the sacrifice have been prepared, can we go into the water?" Li Youcai asked in a low voice when he saw that Chen Wenqing had finished the preparation.

"Well, it's time to go into the water. I've already used a talisman to inform this evildoer that the sacrifice has begun. At this time, this evildoer must be on his way." Chen Wenqing said, looking at the tumbling Poyang River in front of him.

Li Youcai nodded, walked to Qu County Magistrate and said, "Qu County Magistrate, you can order the servants to let the tributes go into the water. The River God will arrive soon."

Hearing this, the county magistrate Qu said with a smile on his face: "Okay, yes, I will obey the order!" After finishing speaking, he ordered the servants to tie horses, cows, sheep, chickens, dogs, hogs and other livestock on bamboo rafts one by one. Pushing up and down the Poyang River, the bamboo raft slowly moved to the center of the Poyang River with the flowing water.

"Dare to ask Li Daochang, I have a question. I don't know if I can help you out?" Qu County Magistrate smiled flatteringly and said, "Li Daochang, why didn't the three animals and six animals that were going to be sacrificed this time not be called? The river god prefers to live. If it is a dead thing, I am afraid that it will be angry later. If necessary, the subordinate officials can order it to go on and prepare some more sacrifices."

"No need, everyone has their own arrangements for offering sacrifices to Wei this time, and the county magistrate Qu can do it, but there is no need to say more." Li Youcai pointed to the center of the Poyang River and said, "In addition, if there are any changes in the future, the county magistrate Qu does not need to say anything." Panic, everyone in Wei expected everything, Magistrate Qu only needs to follow my orders."

"Okay, okay. If Daoist Li has a need, please do not hesitate to order, and the officials will do their best to cooperate." County Magistrate Qu rubbed his hands, bowed and said, "If there is a chance, please ask Daoist Li to help the officials in the Wei family. A few words. The official has long wanted to visit everyone in Wei, but unfortunately there has been no way to ask, and I have submitted several invitations, but there is no sound, nothing comes to nothing..."

The corner of Li Youcai's mouth twitched, thinking to himself that it's just you, a dog official, it's strange that everyone in Wei will meet you? But on the surface, he said calmly: "It's easy to say! Hahaha..."

Chen Wenqing has been standing on the altar and looking into the distance, the eyes of the sky on his forehead have been opened, exuding a strong golden light.

Soon, Chen Wenqing discovered that the Poyang River had changed, and the originally turbulent river became calm. However, Chen Wenqing could see that there was a white line getting closer and closer in the distance, and it was a five-foot-high wave, which swept towards the sea like a stormy wave hitting the shore.

A black figure was standing on the huge waves.

"Here we come!" Chen Wenqing said in a low voice, "Junior brother, remember to follow the plan and don't force yourself to come forward!"

The turbulent Poyang waves have exceeded the height of the river embankment by three feet, and the flood is rumbling like a galloping horse, carrying an irresistible might of the sky.

"Hahaha, little mortal, my god is here! Hurry up and offer sacrifices, if this god is satisfied, you can keep Poyang County safe for a year!" While talking, the three-foot-high wave has come to the altar from a distance before.

"It feels so powerful! The current me is really unmatched!"

Chen Wenqing silently stared at the man standing on the huge waves in front of him. He was bare upper body, holding a trident in his hand, his hair was loose, his eyes radiated a cold and fierce light, and his whole body exuded a kind of With a ferocious breath like a beast, some cold sweat could not help but flow down slightly on his cheeks.

Qu county magistrate saw the river god standing on the waves, his face turned pale with fright, his legs trembled, and he immediately knelt down and bowed down, saying: "Your Majesty Poyang county magistrate has seen the river god! The sacrifices are ready. Lord River God please accept it with a smile." After speaking, he kowtowed three more times and buried his head on the ground, never daring to get up again.

"Hahaha! You and other ants are still self-aware."

After the man finished speaking, he transformed into a giant anaconda of more than ten feet long. The giant anaconda had grown horns on the top of its head, and two claws protruded from its abdomen. It was obvious that it had the tendency to turn into a dragon. The giant anaconda opened its huge mouth and swallowed the tribute on the bamboo raft in the middle of the river in one gulp.

"Well, not bad!"

The giant anaconda stood upright, with a cold light in its huge eyes, and said, "Is there any more? Where are the boys and girls prepared for the god? Hurry up and offer them up!"

Qu county magistrate heard the words and raised his head and body like chaff, his face like gray paper, and said tremblingly: "I tell Lord River God that there are no boys and girls in the tribute this time, can you let me down for a while before making arrangements? !"

"What?! A daring mortal, dare to tease the gods, and seek death!" The giant boa stared, and spit out a cold air from its mouth, and went towards the magistrate Qu...

"Stop!" A huge fire talisman stood in front of the cold air, and saved Magistrate Qu at the critical moment.

"Bold and monstrous, how dare you commit murder?" A voice came from the altar, and Chen Wenqing pinched his fingers and said sharply.

"Monster? Little ant, how dare you call yourself a monster? You want to die!" After speaking, the Poyang River rolled, and a huge wave swept towards the altar.

Chen Wenqing focused her eyes, and chanted a mantra. The mahogany sword picked up the talismans on the table and flew them up. Yellow talismans floated in the air, exuding a scorching breath.

"The fire is raging and the wind is galloping, turning into a prison yard. Snakes and tortoises run away, and lightning strikes lightning. The sky is dark and the sky is dark, and the universe changes. The sky is surrounded by nets, and swords and halberds are everywhere. Obey the constitution of heaven. The division of thunder and fire, Senlie Tunnel training. Observe the ghosts and gods, and see the traces immediately. Urgent as a law!"

Chen Wenqing chanted the incantation, and the talismans in the air turned into balls of flames, arranged in a gossip array to block the huge waves.

"Chi..." The huge wave collided with the flame gossip array and made a chirping sound, and thick water vapor filled the air.

"Little Taoist priest, it turns out that you are the one playing tricks!" The giant boa let out a roar like a cow mooing, and the waves of sound waves made it tremble all day long.

"That's right, it's me! Sinister, you have done a lot of evil and harmed the people. Today is your death day!" Chen Wenqing kept shaking the three clear bells in his hand and made a crisp sound, canceling out the roaring sound waves of the giant anaconda.

"Hahaha, you, a little Taoist priest, want to kill me? It's just wishful thinking!" The giant anaconda said disdainfully, and laughed.

at this time.

"I am the one who wants to kill you!"

A cold voice came, and a slender figure slowly descended from the sky.


		