

Li Youcai struggled to move out two large boxes from under the statue seat.

The red box is filled with gold, silver, jadeite, pearls, and jewelry, while the black box is full of natural treasures, such as Ganoderma lucidum, Poria cocos, Shouwu, and Angelica, which are more than a hundred years old.

"Brother, what do you do with the contents of these two boxes?" Li Youcai said excitedly looking at the two boxes, almost drooling.

Chen Wenqing said: "Take out half of the gold and silver in the red box and distribute it to the villagers of Niubei Mountain, and put the rest back. We will come to pick it up when we need it."

Li Youcai asked suspiciously: "Brother, why only half of it? Why not give the whole part to the villagers?"

Chen Wenqing replied: "Having too much wealth rashly, people's hearts are changeable, it is a disaster or a blessing. Let's divide it in half as I said."

Li Youcai nodded, took out half of the gold and silver from the red box, and put the remaining half back in its original place.

"As for these treasures of heaven and earth, we will take them away. I believe that with these treasures of heaven and earth, I am afraid that the speed of practice can be increased a lot."

Chen Wenqing looked at such a big box, frowned, and said, "It would be great if we could refine elixir, otherwise it would be really inconvenient to carry such a box of elixir."

Li Youcai smiled when he heard the words, and said, "Senior brother, don't worry. I happen to have a storage bag here, brother. It's not a problem to put this box of elixir." After Li Youcai finished speaking, he untied a bag from his waist. The streamer floats, I don't know what kind of material it is made of. Li Youcai pointed the mouth of the bag at the elixir, and the storage bag gave out a burst of suction, and filled the whole box of elixir in it.

"Junior brother, you actually have a storage bag?" Chen Wenqing was also surprised by Li Youcai's operation, and asked in amazement: "It's not a simple person who can carry a storage bag with you? Junior brother, what is your origin?"

Chen Wenqing felt more and more that his junior brother was not simple, and he could already see the clues from some clues.

Li Youcai said: "Brother, it's not convenient to tell me about my origin at the moment, can I explain it in detail when the time is right?" After Li Youcai finished speaking, he sealed the storage bag and handed it to Chen Wenqing.

Chen Wenqing shook her head and said, "Well, everyone has a secret, you can tell it anytime, junior brother. You should keep this storage bag, and we will find you when we need it."

the next day.

Chen Wenqing and his party went down the mountain, and asked the villager to gather the villagers together, preparing to tell everyone what happened.

"Villagers, there are two things I want to tell you when we gather here today." Li Youcai stood on the table and said to the villagers of Niubei Mountain, "The first thing is that the mountain god of Fuyun Mountain is dead, and the new mountain god is dead. It is me, Senior Brother Chunyangzi Zixia Guan. Senior Brother Chunyangzi is profound in Daoism and has a heart for the common people. From now on, I will become the new God of Fuyun Mountain."

As soon as Li Youcai finished speaking, the crowd started to discuss.

"Such a young mountain god, can he do it?"

"The new mountain god won't be like the previous mountain god who fishes the common people and rapes the women?"

"Oh! I, Niubei Village, have been troubled since then!"


Questions came from the crowd, and Chen Wenqing's expression was calm and not angry, as if everything was in his expectation, only to see him stepping on gossip and chanting mantras.

"Yuan Shi'an town, tell all souls"

"The real official Yuedu, the spirit of the land"

"Left society and right country, don't panic"

"Returning to the right path, clarifying inside and outside"

"Stay safe, guard the altar"

"Too much life, hunt for evil spirits"

"Protect the Dharma King, protect the chanting"

"Convert to the Dao, Yuan Henry Zhen"

"I! Chen Wenqing, I am now the mountain god of Fuyun Mountain!", with a movement of Chen Wenqing's spiritual sense, a mountain god seal flew out from the soul, hanging in the air, emitting a golden light.

Chen Wenqing stepped on the talisman and then flew into the air, standing in mid-air and continued: "Here is the amnesty decree, and the magic spell of the land is placed. Announce the land in the ten directions, use its power to protect the mandala, and form a relationship with it. The basis of performing land-boundary rituals, summoning Send the god of the earth to make it play on behalf of me, so that the hearts of ordinary people can reach me."

"May the three hundred miles under the jurisdiction of Fuyun Mountain be blessed with good weather and no evil. If you ask for anything, please let me know!" Chen Wenqing and the mountain god seal simultaneously emitted dazzling golden light, casting a splendor.

"Great! The God of the Land is willing to keep my Niubei Mountain in good weather, and all evil will not invade!"

"This is what the mountain god did. The old man feels relieved seeing this."

"Yes, yes!"

The crowd suddenly became lively, and they looked at Chen Wenqing with enthusiasm instead of indifference.

Seeing this, Li Youcai smiled slightly and said, "Villagers, please look here."

Li Youcai opened the box on the table, and revealed half a box of gold, silver and jewelry in front of the villagers. The jewelry shone brightly in the sun, dazzled the eyes of all the villagers.

"The former mountain god, fish and meat people, made everyone miserable. This is the gold and silver found from the former mountain god, and it will be distributed to everyone today. I hope that everyone can live a better life with this gold and silver."

After Li Youcai finished speaking, the villagers of Niubei Village became even more ebullient, and their eyes became even hotter when they looked at Chen Wenqing.

"Since ancient times, wealth is the most touching! No matter how much rhetoric, it can't match the real benefits!"


The Fuyunshan matter has come to an end.

At this time, Chen Wenqing had already set off on his way to Poyang County.

Poyang County This should be Chen Wenqing's last mission after going down the mountain. Counting the days, the time for handing in the task is approaching. After the last task is completed, Chen Wenqing and his party will rush back to Zixia Temple.

Walking along the way, Chen Wenqing carefully felt the changes in her body. After obtaining the Mountain God Order, Chen Wenqing already felt a big difference.

The first difference is that he can immediately know what happened in the three hundred miles around Fuyun Mountain as long as he wants to, and he can also convey the information to the villagers through the will of the god statue.

The second difference is that he has received incense offerings and mind power from the villagers. With the existence of these incense thoughts, Chen Wenqing can practice all the time. And the statues in the mountain temple also carry Chen Wenqing's spiritual thoughts. This statue seems to be like Chen Wenqing's avatar, as long as he is willing, he can come to Fuyun Mountain with a single thought.

Chen Wenqing walked all the way towards Poyang County, but the "Shangqing Lingbao Manual" was already running on its own, feeling the aura in his body roaring like a river in the meridians, Chen Wenqing showed a faint smile.

"Forty miles ahead, we should be in Poyang County. I heard that the river god in Poyang County needs to sacrifice a living person every three months, which is extremely cruel. If the county people don't follow, floods will engulf the land and homes, and the land will be destroyed. The common people of the Li people regard them as cattle and sheep."

Li Youcai sorted out the rumors about Poyang County in his memory, and said: "The thing about Poyang County is not new. Before I joined Zixia Temple, I heard the rumors repeatedly. It is said that there have been no less than three hundred capable people. He once went to Poyang County to kill demons. However, without exception, they all died at the mouth of the river god in Poyang County."

Chen Wenqing's face changed slightly when she heard the words, and she said, "I didn't expect the last mission to be so dangerous, and I don't know why Zhang Qian recommended this mission to me at the beginning?"

Chen Wenqing thought for a while, but didn't have any clues, and then asked: "Junior Brother, do you know the origin of this Poyang County River God and why it is so cruel?"

"It is rumored that this river god is a spirit beast under Dong Tianshi of Laoshan Mountain, and its body is a giant anaconda. This giant anaconda has been practicing for more than 800 years, and it has evolved towards the direction of a dragon."

Chen Wenqing nodded and said, "What is an anaconda? What kind of monster is this?"

Li Youcai said: "The so-called anaconda is cultivated by a giant python. It is said that a snake can be cultivated for five hundred years to become a python, a python can be cultivated for five hundred years to become an anaconda, an anaconda can be cultivated for five hundred years to become a dragon, and a dragon can be cultivated for another five hundred years to become a chilong." It is said that this giant anaconda already possesses some supernatural powers of the dragon, so it is extremely difficult to deal with."

"Hmph! What kind of bullshit spirit beast? It's clearly a monster that eats people and doesn't spit out bones!"

Chen Wenqing's face was covered with frost, and he said resolutely: "I believe that the world of Jiuzhou is so big, there must be someone who can get rid of this monster. No one dares to get rid of this monster now. There are only two points. First, the power of this monster is terrifying and difficult to deal with. Second, I’m afraid it’s fear of the master of the giant anaconda, Lushan Dong Tianshi.”

"The giant anaconda is certainly powerful, and Dong Tianshi of Laoshan is also a big man who can't be expected. However, although we are weak, in the face of a powerful opponent, even if we know we are invincible, we must resolutely show our swords."

Chen Wenqing pulled out the mahogany sword from his back, and said sonorously: "When you meet on a narrow road, the brave wins. Even if you know you are going to fall, it will become a mountain, a ridge!"

"This monster! I, Chen Wenqing, will be eliminated, and no one can stop me!"

"I said!"


		