

Li Youcai endured the pain in his heart, and said: "Slaying demons and demons is in itself the duty of a cultivator."

"It's just... the question now is, how do we find him, and how can we tell that he is the Master Xi?"

The space of Zhenyao Tower is its own world, and finding someone is like looking for a needle in a haystack. Even if we meet, we don't know each other, let alone if we meet in a hurry, it may not be that opponent...

Chen Wenqing obviously understood the seriousness of this problem, so he said, "Junior brother is right, it is really not easy to find someone in the space of the Town Demon Tower. So, we can change our thinking..."

Li Youcai scratched his head, "What kind of thinking? Senior brother, do you have any good ideas?"

Chen Wenqing said: "Since the goal of the so-called Lord Xi is to go to the seventh floor of the Demon Suppressing Tower and release Yazi. Then, we just need to wait for the rabbit."

"Brother, what do you mean we're going to the seventh floor of the Demon Town Tower, lay out the eight formations in advance, and wait for the rabbit?"

Li Youcai asked, but there was a solemn expression on his face.

Chen Wenqing said: "Junior brother, you are right! We really need to plan in advance on the road they must pass, and wait for the rabbit."

"But..." Chen Wenqing dragged out his voice, smiled and said, "We don't have to lay out on the top of the seventh-story tower, maybe we can successfully trap it in the space of the second-story tower..."

Chen Wenqing sighed, "The monsters imprisoned above the second-story tower are not easy. If we enter rashly, I'm afraid it will be more ominous..."

Hearing this, Li Youcai breathed a sigh of relief, and said, "If that's the case, that's okay! Brother, just now I thought you were going to take me to the space of the seven-story tower, and you scared me to death..."

Chen Wenqing smiled and said, "Brother, don't worry! Slaying demons and demons is important, but I know that I will die, and I can't do it now!"

Next, the two of them spent a few more hours recovering their aura and physical strength.

After the injury was unharmed, he started to set off again.

Of course, the purpose of setting off this time is not to cope with the trial assessment, but to find a passage to the second floor of the Demon Town Tower.

Chen Wenqing took Li Youcai on the first floor of the Zhenyao Tower, wandering endlessly, trying to find clues and ways to the second floor.

However, the space on the first floor of Zhenyao Tower is too large, and Chen Wenqing and others have spent most of the day and found nothing.

On the contrary, when looking for the passage to the second floor, they also encountered monsters several times, and several battles broke out between the two sides.

"Brother, this is not the way to go. We are searching aimlessly like this, and we don't know when we will find it."

Li Youcai showed a blank expression on his face, he couldn't help feeling anxious after searching for so long but found nothing.

In fact, Chen Wenqing has also discovered this problem now. The Monster Town Tower has too much space, so searching for it like this is indeed like finding a needle in a haystack.

"Junior brother, I have a suggestion. Why don't we go to the Zixia Temple and ask the brothers, maybe some of them know the way to the second floor!"

Li Youcai's eyes lit up when he heard the words, and said, "This method is good. Just now, I saw someone passing by over there. Let's hurry up, and we should be able to catch up and ask about it..."

Li Youcai pointed to the left direction and said.

Therefore, Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai changed their targets and walked towards the direction to the left.

After about half an hour.

Chen Wenqing suddenly heard faintly ahead, the sound of fighting and the roar of monsters.

"Junior brother, did you hear that? There seems to be a fight ahead, someone seems to be fighting a monster..."

"Brother, I heard that too, let's rush over to help..."

Although.

There is competition between the various Taoist temples of Zixia Temple, but this is also an internal competition.

Whenever encountering monsters, the disciples of various Taoist schools can still unite and speak out unanimously.

Of course, those who betray the interests of the human race and choose to work with demons are not included in this list.

soon chen

Wen Qing saw not far away, a group of monsters were attacking the five disciples of Zixia Temple.

Chen Wenqing saw at a glance that the monsters besieging the five disciples were a group of fire leopard monsters.

There were about twenty fire leopards in this group, and they were surrounding the five of them, launching sneak attacks on them from time to time.

"Judging from the clothes of these five disciples, they should look like disciples of Alchemy Academy. Brother, let's save people quickly!"

Li Youcai chanted mantras and pinched his fingers, raised his hand, and the eight talismans flew out, and he was about to rescue him.

Seeing this, Chen Wenqing blocked her with her hand and said, "Junior brother, let me do it!"

"Your Great Wind Art has too much coverage. When you cast it, you can't distinguish between the enemy and the enemy, and it's easy to hurt innocent people!"

After Chen Wenqing finished speaking, his mind moved, and the Dragon Slaying Sword rose into the air, turning into a golden light and killing the group of fire leopards.

All I saw was a golden light flashing in the group of fire leopards, and in a short while more than twenty fire leopard monsters were slaughtered by Chen Wenqing with a single sword.

"Senior brother, your skill of controlling the sword is getting more and more handy! A monster of the blood demon level has no resistance at all under the Dragon Slaying Sword!"

Chen Wenqing gained a lot from the battle with Zhang Qian, and successfully integrated the spiritual power of the metal attribute into Zhanlongjian.

Therefore, Chen Wenqing can now deal with low-level monsters without any effort.

at this time.

The five people who were besieged by the fire leopard were finally saved, and they also found Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai standing not far away.

So, five people walked towards Chen Wenqing.

"Students of the Alchemy Academy, I have met Senior Brother Chen and Senior Brother Li!"

The five people bowed their hands to Chen Wenqing and said, "Thank you, Senior Brother Chen, for your rescue. I will be grateful!"

After the five people finished speaking, they all showed the expressions of the rest of their lives after a catastrophe, and cast grateful glances at Chen Wenqing.

"I'm also a disciple of Zixia Temple, so don't worry about it. But, do you know me?"

Chen Wenqing said with some surprise.

"The battle between Senior Brother Chen and Senior Brother Zhang was earth-shattering and famous. I think that among the outer disciples today, there are not many who don't know Senior Brother Chen!"

Chen Wenqing nodded when she heard the words, and said, "So that's the case, Senior Brother Zhang Qian's cultivation is higher than mine, I'm just playing tricks. In a real battle, it's definitely not Senior Brother Zhang's opponent..."

Chen Wenqing said.

"Senior brother Chen is too modest, who will fight for the front when Long Yin's sword comes out of his body!"

Although the five heard what Chen Wenqing said, they couldn't help but cast fiery gazes at Chen Wenqing.

In the past life, it seems that these five people are Chen Wenqing's die-hard fans.

Chen Wenqing was slightly embarrassed at this time, but she did not forget the business.

So he opened his mouth and asked, "I have something to ask." yChen Wenqing cupped his hands and asked, "I don't know if you all know, where is the passage leading to the second floor of the Zhenyao Tower?"

Hearing this, the five members of Dan Dao Academy looked at each other in blank dismay.

One of the disciples asked, "Brother Chen, are you planning to go to the second floor? But, the monsters on the second floor are much more powerful than those on the first floor..."

Chen Wenqing waved her hands when she heard the words, and said, "I know all of this. We have important things to do when we go to the second floor."

"If you are clear, please let me know!"

The alchemy disciple said: "Senior Brother Chen, I'm sorry!"

"We don't know how to get to the second floor of the Town Demon Tower. But I know a few people who might know..."

The disciple of Dan Dao Academy paused for a moment, and then said: "It's like this, I once met three strange people... They, like Senior Brother Chen, are also looking for a way to the second floor of the Town Demon Tower..."

Chen Wenqing cheered up and said, "Oh? Do you know who that person is? Where is he now?"

The disciple of Dan Dao Academy shook his head and said, "I don't know those three people... But I heard the conversation between them, one of them called the other Master Xi..."

"This name sounds strange, so I have a little impression! So I also noticed their whereabouts."

Chen Wenqing nodded and said: "

Thanks for letting me know! Do you know which direction they are going? "

The disciple of Dan Dao Academy pointed to the north and said, "They came from the south, and the three of them headed north at that time..."

"Calculating, it's been about two hours since I left..."

Chen Wenqing nodded and said, "I understand, thank you for letting me know!"

Turning to Li Youcai, he said, "Junior brother, let's face north!"

"Full speed ahead!"


		