

In the space of the Town Demon Tower, there is a world of its own, vast and boundless.

Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai dragged their seriously injured bodies. After walking for two hours, they finally found a cave to sit down and recuperate.

"Brother, how is your injury?"

Li Youcai was dripping with blood all over his body, looking extremely terrifying, and he didn't know whether the blood belonged to Li Youcai himself or the monster clan.

"Cough cough cough..."

Li Youcai spat out a few mouthfuls of blood, and said weakly, "I'm fine, it's all a skin trauma... It's just that there's a lot of bleeding, and I'm a little dizzy."

Upon hearing this, Chen Wenqing took out two roots of Shouwu more than 400 years old from the storage bag, and said, "Eat it, and use your spiritual power to dissolve the medicine..."

Li Youcai took the elixir, chewed it up and swallowed it.

In fact, the elixirs that have been refined for hundreds of years can absorb better. However, the situation is critical now, so I have no choice but to eat the elixir as a carrot, although it is a bit reckless.

Chen Wenqing also took out two red ginseng from the storage bag and swallowed them, using her spiritual power to restore her body.

After about an hour, Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai woke up one after another.

"I've expected that Gu Jing will definitely find a way to deal with us in the competition, but I didn't expect to use this method..."

Chen Wenqing was actually ready to fight against Gu Jing in the Demon Suppressing Tower, but he didn't expect the depth of the opponent's cultivation level, which was far beyond expectations.

at this time.

Most of Li Youcai's body has recovered, but he still has lingering fears when he thinks about all this.

"Senior brother, I didn't expect that there would be a demon race to plot against us this time. If it wasn't for your Fudo Mingwang dharmakaya and Confucianism and Taoism supernatural powers, maybe the two of us would have to confess here."

Chen Wenqing nodded, and said: "The strength of the incoming people is indeed beyond the reach of ordinary outer disciples. In addition, from their tone, we can hear that we are not the main target of their plan..."

"Brother, you are right! Do you know who that Master Xi is?"

Li Youcai recalled the scene of the battle at that time, and he thought of a "Master Rhinoceros" mentioned by the disciple of Budao Academy before his death.

Chen Wenqing frowned, and said: "It seems that it's not just a fox demon who came to the Demon Town Tower this time. The so-called "Master Xi" must have come too. It's just that I don't know what the purpose of this group of evildoers coming to the Demon Town Tower is? "

"Where is there any good plot in the Town Demon Tower? Apart from imprisoning a group of monsters, there is nothing for nothing."

Li Youcai also couldn't figure out the purpose of a group of demon tribes trying their best to enter the Demon Town Tower by pretending to be disciples from the outer sect.

"what?"

A flash of light flashed in Chen Wenqing's mind, and he grasped the key information in Li Youcai's words.

"In the Demon Town Tower, there is nothing but monsters!"

"Since this is the case, then what the so-called Master Xi really wants to plot must be a monster!"

Chen Wenqing thought of this, so he asked, "Junior Brother, do you know what is the most powerful monster imprisoned in the Demon Suppressing Tower?"

"I've heard about this."

Li Youcai replied: "It is rumored that a thousand years ago, Yuan Shouzheng, the master of the Zixia Temple, imprisoned an ancient monster "Jiazi" and sealed it on the top of the seventh floor of the Zhenyao Pagoda..."

"That's right!"

Chen Wenqing nodded and said, "From this point of view, the purpose of these evildoers, pretending to be disciples from the outer sect, to enter the Demon Suppressing Tower is to release the ancient great demon "Jiazi"...

Chen Wenqing once saw an introduction to Yazi from Zixia Temple's collection of books.

It is rumored that Yazi is an ancient monster clan in the legends of the Kyushu world, and is the second son of the nine sons of the scale insect's chief auspicious beast dragon. Yazi's appearance is the body of a jackal and the head of a dragon, ferocious and terrifying.

It was recorded in ancient history books that it was bloodthirsty and fond of fighting, and it was engraved on the ring of the knife and the mouth of the hilt.

Strong personality, brave and good at fighting, bloodthirsty and bloodthirsty, and always holding a sword in his mouth, glaring...

"Now that Guanzhu is still injured, he is definitely not the opponent of Yazi now.

…Once Yazi is released, I am afraid it will be a catastrophe for Zixia Temple..."

Li Youcai thought of the countless monsters in the Demon Town Tower. Once they broke out of the tower, it would be difficult for Zixia to resist them based on Zixia's current strength.

"So, we must not let Yazi escape! We must stop all this from happening..." Chen Wenqing said firmly.

"Brother, what do you think we should do next?"

Li Youcai felt the emptiness of spiritual power in his whole body, and his injury was not healed, so he couldn't help but feel worried.

Chen Wenqing walked away in the cave with his hands behind his back, and it could be seen that he was also very restless.

"The fox demon is already difficult to deal with, let alone a master Xi who doesn't know how deep he is, hiding in the dark and watching everything... Therefore, this matter must be discussed in the long run!"

Chen Wenqing calculated in her mind the means she could use at present.

He found that if he was tough, he might not be a match for "Master Rhinoceros".

Therefore, there are not many options that can be given to Chen Wenqing.

"Junior Brother, I plan to use the formation to deal with that Master Xi! Just like how we dealt with the centipede, we set up the formation in advance, and then..."

Hearing this, Li Youcai's eyes lit up and he said, "Then invite you into the urn? Right?"

"I know what to do!"

A smile appeared on Li Youcai's originally depressed face.

"However, speaking of which, senior brother, what kind of formation do you plan to use to deal with that Master Xi this time?"

Li Youcai was surprised that Chen Wenqing was not a disciple of the formation Taoist school, but knew a lot of formation techniques.

Regarding this point, Li Youcai never asked Chen Wenqing why.

Chen Wenqing thought for a moment and said, "I plan to set up a formation to deal with the so-called "Master Xi."

"Oh? What kind of formation does senior brother plan to deploy?"

Chen Wenqing said: "This set of formations is called "Eight Formation Maps"!"

""Eight Arrays"?" Li Youcai thought for a while, but he had never heard of it before, and asked, "What is the Eight Arrays?"

Chen Wenqing said lightly: "The "Eight Arrays" is very complicated and contains eight types of formations. They are the sky-covering formation, the earth-carrying formation, the wind-raising formation, the cloud-hanging formation, the dragon-flying formation, the tiger-wing formation, the bird-flying formation, and the snake formation. Pan array."

"How powerful is the Eight Arrays? Can it really trap that evil animal?"

Li Youcai has no confidence in this unfamiliar formation.

Chen Wenqing said: "The composition of "Eight Arrays" is based on the four lands of Qiankun and Xungen, which are the frontal formations of the heaven and earth, and the main soldiers."

"The one in the northwest is the dry land, and the dry one is the sky formation."

"The one in the southwest is the land of Kun, and the land of Kun is the formation."

"The land in the southeast is the residence of Sunda, and the land of Sunda is the wind array."

"The land in the northeast is the residence of gens, the gens are the mountains, the mountains and rivers come out of the clouds, and they are the cloud formations. The water, fire, gold and wood are the four strange formations of dragons, tigers, birds and snakes, and they are the strange soldiers."

"The array is the green dragon (array) on the left, the white tiger (array) on the right, the red bird (array) in the front, and the basalt snake (array) in the back, among which the generals live."

"The eight formations are arranged in the main formation. The total formation consists of 8864 formations, plus 24 formations of rangers."

"There are 32 formations for Yin and Yang respectively, 24 formations for Yang and 24 formations for Yin."

"There are 24 formations of rangers, and after 60 formations, all marches, formations, joint battles, setting up doubts, filling vacancies, and logistics are all in the rangers."

Chen Wenqing introduced the eight formations in detail, because the eight formations are too complicated, so Li Youcai's help is also needed.

"The eight formations are extremely powerful, with formations between formations and formations between teams."

"The past is the back, and the future is the front; advance without speed, retreat without rush."

"Four heads and eight tails, the contact point is the head; the enemy rushes into it, and both ends are rescued; odd and positive coexist, and the cycle is endless."

"Head to tail, hidden and unpredictable; predicting things like a god, adapting to the situation."

"The method of eight formations, in one formation, two formations follow each other, one battle and one defense; the importance of Chinese and foreign, the joint of rigidity and softness, each other's falsehood, the host and the guest, the change of latitude and longitude, because of the foundation, the sudden advancement of the odd, and the mutual interaction

do! "

When Li Youcai heard Chen Wenqing's detailed introduction of the eight formations, his confidence immediately increased, and he volunteered to ask Ying to say: "Senior Brother, it must be very difficult to set up this formation. Let's see what I can do?"

Chen Wenqing smiled and said, "Junior brother, I would like to trouble you to arrange the 108 spirit stones according to the stars in the sky."

Li Youcai was shocked when he heard this and said, "What? Want one hundred and eight spirit stones?"

Chen Wenqing looked at Li Youcai's pained appearance, and said, "Just treat it as a waste of money and avoid disaster!"

"Junior brother, please!"

"The big demon Yazi must not be let out!"


		