

The mighty Confucianism is like a galaxy, pouring down from the nine heavens.

The strong Confucianism and Taoism radiated from Li Youcai's body, and his sword pointed towards the sky, and his fingers converged into a giant sword of Confucianism and Taoism that stood upright.

"God Mao!" Li Youcai yelled.

I saw him holding the sword of Confucianism and Taoism. Under the blessing of Confucianism and Taoism's awe-inspiring aura, he was like a bright moon, emitting white light, which made the "giant spirit god" feel fear.

"It's true that you can devour aura, but I want to see if you can swallow the aura of Confucianism and Taoism too?!"

Li Youcai said sharply.

at this time.

The "giant spirit god" felt a huge threat, and he no longer had the arrogance he had just now.

However, His mouth was strong.

"I didn't expect you, as a Taoist priest, to know how to practice Confucianism?"

"Although you have mastered some Confucian and Taoist supernatural powers, what can you do to me?"

The "giant spirit god" showed disdain.

"Confucianism and Taoism supernatural powers are more difficult to cultivate than Taoism. Not only the cultivation qualifications, but also the Confucianism and Taoism talents. How many Confucian scholars spend a lifetime, and the Baishouqiongjing has only just started..."

"How far can you cultivate Confucianism and Taoism supernatural powers?"

"You want to kill me too?"

Facing the sword of Confucianism and Taoism, the "Giant Spirit God" forcibly boosted his energy, but in fact he was already terrified.

However, as an aloof god, he can barely maintain his last stubbornness now.

Li Youcai laughed, and said contemptuously: "You are a mere hair god, you ran out of some corner, do you know what Confucianism and Taoism are?"

While Li Youcai was speaking, the mighty Confucian and Taoist aura in his body was activated, and the Confucian and Taoist Qi sword shone brilliantly like a galaxy.

"A Confucian has great ambitions and a strategy in his belly. He has both the opportunity to contain the universe and the ambition to swallow the world."

"Confucians, who have read poems and books, are as modest as a valley, study the time between heaven and man, understand the changes of the past and the present, and finally form a family's words, so that they can last forever!"

Li Youcai said in a loud voice, in his fat and puffy body, there was a vague demeanor of Confucianism and Taoism.

"Three thousand ways, all of which can be attained. Confucianism is originally the way!"

"My senior brother once said something, and I think it makes sense."

"Confucianism, what I want! Dao, what I want!"

"Children only do multiple-choice questions, but of course adults want them all!"

"Today! Let me show you, a hairy god, what it means to cultivate both Confucianism and Taoism!"

With a wave of Li Youcai's sword, the huge sword was aimed at "Giant Spirit God.

"The sword of the great river comes from the sky, to rid the world of demons and demons!"

"Great Sword of Righteousness, die!"

The Haoran Righteousness Sword descended from Jiuxiao, sprinkled all kinds of brilliance, and suppressed the "Giant Spirit God" in the Dao field and could not move.

"Ah..." There was a scream between heaven and earth, which lasted for a long time.

And the "Giant Spirit God" was obviously seriously injured by Li Youcai's righteous sword.

"Ant, do you dare to hurt me?"

The golden light in the eyes of the "giant spirit god" was bright, and he roared in a low voice: "Look at my supernatural power - devouring the starry sky!"

"This god wants to swallow you, together with this awe-inspiring righteousness..."

The "Giant Spirit God" was furious.

A black vortex suddenly appeared above the head of the "Giant Spirit God", blocking the Confucian and Taoist Haoran Zhengqi swords falling one after another.

The black vortex was like a quagmire, swallowing the falling righteousness and disappearing.

Li Youcai felt the Confucianism and Taoism in his body, gradually showing signs of being swallowed and lost, and his heart moved.

"God Mao, you have some skills. However, since you like to eat, I will let you eat as much as you want!"

Li Youcai said: "Heaven and earth have righteous energy, mixed with manifolds. The bottom is the river and the mountain, and the top is the sun and stars!"

"Awe-inspiring righteousness, Ning!"

Suddenly, the situation between the sky and the earth changed color.

The Qi of Confucianism and Taoism quickly condensed and compressed, and the mighty sword of Confucianism and Taoism was quickly compressed into a three-foot-long golden mighty righteousness sword.

The sword body exudes a scorching masculinity, which can burn all things like the real fire of Samadhi.

"I see how you still swallow it!?"

Li Youcai pulled the golden Haoran Righteousness Sword and galloped down from the sky.

"middle!"

The golden Haoran Zhengqi sword broke through the black vortex and pierced Ji Qiu's body.

Ji Qiu's body trembled, like sifting chaff, the golden light in his eyes faded, his face instantly turned pale, his skin became as old as old tree bark, his blue hair turned into white silk...

"you!"

"Ant, what did you do just now? Why doesn't the god's devouring power work anymore?"

Ji Qiu raised his hand and pointed at Li Youcai tremblingly, panting like a cow, instantly weak like a dying old man...

"It's nothing to make a fuss about, I just added a bit of righteousness to the Confucianism and Taoism! You eat so deliciously, I'll see how you digest it later!"

Ji Qiubai was pale and bloodless, and recovered his voice: "I didn't expect that even the magic strike technique can't deal with you..."

Li Youcai looked at Ji Qiu indifferently, and said coldly: "I said before that the method of inviting gods is a sorcery. The ones you invited are not real gods, but wild gods with no end in sight!"

When Li Youcai looked at the person in front of him, he was already so old in an instant.

"Looking at it now, your so-called divine strike not only devours the spiritual power of the host, but also swallows the life essence... Now you finally feel it?"

When Ji Qiu heard this, a faint golden light emerged from his eyes again, and it switched to the voice of "giant spirit god".

"Ant! How dare you hurt me? Today's shame will be repaid by this god in the future! One day, you will bear the wrath of God..."

The voice is over.

I saw a ray of light flying out of Ji Qiu's eyebrows in a hurry, and flew towards the sky, as fast as lightning.

"Hmph! Want to run after pretending to be X?" Li Youcai snorted coldly, and made the Nine Sons Mantra mudra with his hands, "Then, wouldn't I be embarrassing?"

"Pro, Bing, Fight, Zhe, All, Formation, Column, In, Front!"

"Nine-character mantra to seal the demon formation, forgive me!"

I saw nine golden lights falling from the sky, turning into a huge cage to cover the escape light.

The cage kept tightening, and Dun Guang slammed left and right. He wanted to break through the nine-character mantra sealing formation, but was bounced back by nine beams of light.

After a while, Duan Guang was tightly trapped in the cage, unable to move.

In a cage.

The escape light dissipated, and the main body was restored.

I saw a golden toad of three races squatting in the prison, croaking like thunder.

Chen Wenqing had the eyes of the sky, and soon discovered that the golden toad in the cage was illusory and ethereal, not a real entity, but just a three-legged golden toad's spirit.

"The three-legged golden toad is an ancient beast. It is not an exaggeration to say that it is a god. But why is there only a soul left, not even a body?" Chen Wenqing had doubts in his heart, but it was inconvenient to ask at this time.

Chen Wenqing condensed her voice into a line, and said to Li Youcai in the questioning field: "Junior brother, this beast is a three-legged golden toad, which originally belonged to the Taiyin star, but for some reason, the body has been destroyed, leaving only the remnant soul."

"This beast has a history and affiliation. It is not an exaggeration to say that it is a god."

Li Youcai held the golden sword of Confucianism and Daoism, and was about to show some color to the golden soul in the cage, but Chen Wenqing's voice came from his ear.

Hearing this, Li Youcai stopped holding the sword in his hand, and responded through voice transmission: "Brother, what do you think is the best way to deal with it?"

Chen Wenqing's voice came, "You can seal Jin Chan's spirit and bring it back, and then discuss it in the long run..."

Li Youcai nodded upon hearing this.

The golden Sword of Righteousness suddenly turned into a mighty righteousness and disappeared into the air

I saw Li Youcai took out four yellow talismans to read the mantra, and the yellow talismans immediately turned into four golden lights, sealing the four directions of the prison cage one by one.

Seeing this, the three-legged golden toad jumped up and down in the cage again, but the cage remained motionless.

"Bold mortal, how dare you seal this god. When this god returns to his real body one day, I will definitely make you look good!"

The three-legged golden toad croaked, but it completely lost the majesty of a god.

Li Youcai ignored him no more.

I saw him holding the cage with the three-legged golden toad upside down with his left hand, and walking towards Ji Qiu, like an old man who is full and goes out for a bird walk.

"Quack quack..."

"Fatty... Hurry up and let go of me..."

Standing in the questioning field, Li Youcai looked at Ji Qiu in front of him with a haggard face and gray temples, as if he was about to die...

"Now, what else do you have to do? I, Li Youcai, will continue..."

When Ji Qiu heard this, his expression was lost, his mind was completely lost, and he said sadly: "Li Youcai, you have won!"

"I admit, I'm not as good as you."

“Shinzo three days, the nobleman's eyes...”

Before Ji Qiu could finish his sentence, he fell to the ground.

Life or death is unknown.


		