

The torrential rain that had lasted for half a month finally stopped.

Jiaolong's head hung on the top of Poyang City, suffering from the wind and the sun.

A high and mighty god died just like that!

Die with peace!

The people in Poyang County were very happy, and rushed to tell each other, blocked the water around the city gate, and glared at the head of the dragon on the city gate.

"It turns out that gods can die too!"

"It's good to die!"

"This beast, someone finally killed it!"

"Niu Niu Xiaohu, my child finally got revenge!"

This is basically what all the people in Poyang County are thinking at this moment.

now.

On the third floor of the inn, Chen Wenqing and others gathered together.

"Senior brother Zhang, thank Dingli for helping Tu Jiao this time, otherwise, it is really unknown who will die in the end." Chen Wenqing said to senior brother Zhang Qian in front of him.

"Junior Brother Chen, this statement is wrong! Originally, the matter of Poyang River God was arranged by me among the five tasks of Junior Brother. I should be the one who thanked Junior Brother."

Zhang Qian walked up to Chen Wenqing, looked at the still childish face, and nodded.

"I was originally a headhunter in Poyang County, and I lived in Zhangjiazhuang for generations. Many years ago, the God of Poyang River flooded my Zhangjiazhuang, resulting in no people and animals left in Zhangjiazhuang, and everyone in Zhangjiazhuang became the blood of this evil animal."

"For revenge, I joined Zixia Temple to practice martial arts. I hope that one day I can avenge my revenge! For many years, I practiced hard, just for this moment today."

"It's just that that evil animal is not only the god of Poyang River, but also a spirit beast under the seat of Master Dong Tianshi of Laoshan School. Zixia Temple has repeatedly prevented me from taking revenge, and strictly ordered me not to accept tasks related to this evildoer."

Zhang Qian smiled at Chen Wenqing and said, "It's also thanks to my junior brother that I can avenge my revenge by accepting this task!"

With a serious expression on his face, Zhang cupped his hands and said: "Junior brother, I thank you on behalf of the people of Zhangjia Village!"

When Chen Wenqing heard the words, he quickly helped Zhang Qian up, and said: "This evildoer has killed countless people and poisoned the living. Everyone can kill him!"

"No matter what, I owe my junior brother a favor for this matter. I will do my best if there is an order in the future!" Zhang Qian waved his hand and continued: "It's not just a random person who has the courage to fight against this evil beast The enemy. It's a pity that everyone Wei..."

Li Youcai, who was at the side, became even more depressed when he heard the words, "Master Wei and I didn't just meet each other, and they died trying to save me! People often say that Mr. Wei is unreasonable, but..."

"Junior brother, a person's mortal death is either lighter than a feather, or heavier than Mount Tai! We all serve the country and the people, and we deserve to die! We are worthy of our name!" Chen Wenqing picked up the wine glass on the table, facing the direction of the head of Poyang City, and poured the glass He sprinkled the wine on the ground and said, "Respect to Old Wei!"

"Respect Old Wei!"

"Respect Old Wei!"

Seven points into the soil, three points into the throat.

Zhang Qian put down his wine glass and cupped his hands towards the crowd.

"Junior Brother Chen, this matter is over now. Brother, let's go ahead and wait for the younger brothers to return in Zixia Temple."

Zhang Qian acted resolutely, came and went in a hurry, and never dragged his feet.

"Okay! I'll stay in Poyang City for two days to recuperate first, and then we'll meet again at Zixia Temple after resting."

Zhang Qian seemed to think of something again, and said: "Junior Brother, before I leave, I have something to tell you. That is, the gambling fight between you and the Shu Dao Academy is not that simple. I just want to say that you can only win, not lose! Otherwise, everything is over!"

After Zhang Qian finished speaking, he turned and left.

Chen Wenqing looked at Zhang Qian's leaving back and fell into deep thought, savoring what Zhang Qian said just now, always feeling that behind all this there seemed to be an invisible big hand manipulating everything.

Chen Wenqing is like a small chess piece on the chessboard, which seems to be discarded at any time.

"Senior brother, this is the dragon-slaying sword! Before his death, Mr. Wei told him that he will give this sword to you!" Li Youcai held the sword in both hands, with a sad expression on his face.

"Junior brother, Mr. Wei seeks benevolence and wins benevolence, and there is nothing too sad." Chen Wenqing took the Dragon Slaying Sword, looked seriously into Li Youcai's eyes, and said, "Mr. Wei entrusts his belief in Confucianism and Taoism on you. Mr. Wei believes that You are the future of Confucianism and Taoism."

"But, Senior Brother. I have mediocre Confucianism and Taoism qualifications, so I'm afraid I won't be able to take on the big responsibility. Mr. Wei sacrificed himself to save me, Junior Brother can't figure it out!" Li Youcai felt guilt and loss in his heart, obviously Wei Zheng's death had a great blow and influence on him.

Chen Wenqing saw the crux of the problem, and understood that if Li Youcai could not be enlightened. Then, I am afraid that there will always be a knot in his heart that he can't get over.

"Junior brother, Confucianism and Taoism pay attention to inheritance! There are talents from generation to generation, and the new generation is better than the old ones. The main reason why Old Wei stood in front of you without hesitation is that he believes that your achievements in Confucianism and Taoism in the future will be better than the old ones." Old Wei himself is taller and stronger!"

"As far as Mr. Wei is concerned, he can't see the light of Confucianism and Taoism disappearing in front of him. Therefore, Mr. Wei has no regrets when he leaves. Junior brother, you need to cheer up, bring the expectations of Mr. Wei for you, and set aside Confucianism. The radiance of Dao spreads to every corner."

Chen Wenqing patted Li Youcai on the shoulder and said, "Junior Brother, you are almost confident. Confucianism and Taoism are long, like sailing against the current. I believe that Mr. Wei is right."

"Think again!"


Poyang County, which had been noisy all day, finally quieted down.

The night is dead, everyone sleeps peacefully.

In the inn room, the candles flickered and flickered, and a cloudy wind blew.

"Qiye, are you here?" Chen Wenqing greeted Bai Wuchang in front of him.

"Well! This is a good job. The Poyang River God acted recklessly and disregarded human life. We and the Yin Division have long been dissatisfied with him. Especially a few years ago, they flooded Poyang City, killed all the Poyang City God and Yin soldiers, and angered the Yin Division."

Chen Wenqing wondered, "Why didn't the seventh and eighth masters take action to punish them? I believe that if you take action, the Poyang River God will not be able to make any waves."

Bai Wuchang said: "The God of Poyang River is a god-given priesthood, and is not under the jurisdiction of my underworld. Therefore, your eighth master and I have nothing to do with him. What's more, there is a celestial master standing behind him. Daoist teacher, even I can hardly say that I can deal with it easily."

"Is that Lushan Dong Tianshi really that powerful? Even the seventh master can't handle it?"

"When you reach the realm of a celestial master, you are no longer a mortal. It is not an exaggeration to say that you are an earth immortal! We, the yin gods, have become gods from ghosts and souls. They have no flesh. .However, after all, we have practiced for thousands of years, and a real villain will not be afraid of him, but I just don't want to offend him for no reason."

Chen Wenqing knew it well, so it seems that it is still a matter of strength. When you are strong, even black and white have to give face.

Chen Wenqing became a little worried: "Qiye, what if Dong Tianshi knows that Jiaolong was beheaded by us and comes to make trouble?"

"Well, there is no need to worry too much. Since becoming the God of the River, this evil animal has done a lot of evil, killed too many lives, and has too much karma. Heavenly masters and Taoists are all moral people, and they are not easily contaminated with karma. What's more, he slaughtered with the dragon sword Dragon, it should be taken for granted."

"Oh? Is there something strange about the Dragon Slaying Sword?"

"The dragon-slaying sword was made by the Taizu of the Jin Dynasty with the copper of the first mountain and the gold essence of the North Sea. At the beginning, the human race was weak, and the dragons plundered all over the world, which caused the people to live in dire straits. It was completely killed, leaving only some dragons that obeyed the state of Jin, which were used to carry clouds and rain."

"There are countless dragon souls gathered on the Dragon Slaying Sword, and it is the nemesis of all flood dragons, real dragons and even heavenly dragons. Slaying dragons with the Dragon Slaying Sword does not involve cause and effect."

When Chen Wenqing heard this, she immediately felt relieved. "Qi Ye, since the River God has fallen, what are your orders next?"

"Since the God of the River has passed away, someone must take over the position of the God of the River. According to your Eighth Master and I, since you have already taken over the God of Fuyun Mountain, you will also take over the position of the God of the Poyang River today. "

Bai Wuchang said as he flipped his hands over, a River God Order appeared in his hands. "At this time, the God of Poyang River, you refine it! I hope you will protect the people and the land and water of this side in the future."

"Yes!" Chen Wenqing took the token and did not refuse.

Chen Wenqing has realized the importance of the god position to practice. Yes, adding a Poyang River god's position, then the incense and mind power will definitely increase a lot.

The power of incense and fire is simply a cheating artifact for cultivation.

"In addition, there is already a candidate for the position of Poyang City God."

Bai Wu saw that Chen Wenqing had already refined the He Shen Ling, so he expressed his idea of ​​rebuilding the Poyang City God's Office.

"Oh? Who is the new Lord City God?" Chen Wenqing asked curiously.

"You also know that person, he is Wei Zheng!"

"What? It turned out to be Mr. Wei?" Chen Wenqing was overjoyed, thinking that Mr. Wei was highly respected, he took it for granted.

City Gods are generally elected by the local people after death, and they are basically loyal and martyrs in the name of the country.

"Old Wei deserves his name as the city god. I believe that with the protection of Old Wei, the people of Liming in Poyang County will be able to live and work in peace and contentment!"

"Very good! You also count me as half of the underworld, so you don't have to be so polite to me in the future."

"The City God's Office will open at midnight tomorrow, so you can discuss how to manage this Poyang County together in the future."

Chen Wenqing heard the words and said: "Xiaodao is under orders, and he will arrive at midnight tomorrow."

Bai Wuchang nodded, felt Chen Wenqing's cultivation realm, and couldn't help frowning.

"Let me remind you. The power of incense is extremely important for cultivation. You need to think about how to get more power of incense in the future."

Bai Wuchang went on to say: "Accordingly, you now have both Taoist and Heavenly Granted Talismans and Laws, the Fuyun Mountain God's Order, and now the Poyang River God's Order, but there are still so few incense sticks. You should think about a way."

"Thank you, Lord Qi for your guidance. Xiaodao knows how to do it!"

"Well, my words have been brought, let's go!"

After Bai Wuchang finished speaking, he disappeared into the air.

"Does incense become a god?"

Chen Wenqing thought about what Qi Ye said just now, and fell into deep thought.


		