

Poyang County is adjacent to the south of Beiting County, bounded by Fuyun Mountain. It is a small town with a well-developed water system. The county has a population of about 50,000 households.

In Poyang County, there is a big river meandering through Poyang County from west to east, called Poyang River.

Therefore, a saying has been handed down from Poyang County for a long time: "Poyang County is 800 miles away, Poyang River is 300 miles away, and Fuyun Mountain is 100 miles away."

Poyang County is surrounded by mountains and rivers and enjoys a favorable location, but it is a small county with rich products.

Chen Wenqing and a group of people have already arrived in Poyang County at this time.

August.

As usual, it is not a rainy season. However, at this time, Poyang County suffered ten days of continuous torrential rain, and even the water level of Poyang River rose by more than ten feet one after another.

In the county government office of Poyang County, the magistrate of Poyang County is anxious about the impending flood disaster, walking back and forth restlessly in the back hall. I kept thinking in my heart that three days later, I would organize the county gentry and dignitaries to worship the gods by the Poyang River.

"Sir, there are two Taoist priests outside the yamen asking for an audience, saying that they are invited to come to visit." A yamen servant came in and interrupted the county magistrate Qu's thinking.

"The Taoist priest of Zixia Temple?" County Magistrate Qu thought for a moment before he came to his senses and said, "Oh... please, please! I am having a headache about the sacrificial ceremony in three days. Two Taoist priests are here It's just the right time, and I can give some ideas for this official."

Chen Wenqing walked into the county government office, walked all the way through the front hall, and found that the county government office was still very lively. At this time, a group of yamen servants were punching and eating wine, shouting loudly; while some other yamen servants were already playing dice on the sidelines, even openly gambling in the yamen in broad daylight.

"Open up, open up!"

"Keep it small! Make it small!"

"Hahaha, I won again. I'm lucky today. I'll be on a errand later. I'll invite everyone to Songcui Tower for a meal! Hahaha..."

Chen Wenqing frowned all the way, suppressing the anger in his heart, and was led by the guards to the back hall.

I saw that the back hall was quite gorgeously decorated, not only with sandalwood screens, but also with carpets made of Shu brocade, and the walls were covered with calligraphy and paintings by famous artists. Chen Wenqing took a look, and a middle-aged official with a potbellied official uniform came over and said with a greasy face.

"My official, Qu Cheng, the county magistrate of Poyang County, has met two Taoist priests." The magistrate Qu said, clasping his hands.

"Pimpedao Zixia Temple Chen Wenqing, this is my younger brother Li Zhengyang Taoist priest." Chen Wenqing returned the gift and said: "I am here upon invitation to investigate the river god in Poyang County who used human sacrifices as sacrifices and wantonly persecuted the people of Poyang County. I also invite Qu County Magistrate Let’s break it down carefully so that the poor can add up.”

Qu county magistrate was stunned when he heard the words, and said, "I didn't invite you here, what's going on?"

"Besides, there is no human sacrifice or persecution of Li people in this county. It must be that the two priests made a mistake."

"Now, the weather in Poyang County is good, and the people of Li live and work in peace and contentment. The two priests don't have to worry about the sacrificial offering."

Hearing this, Li Youcai couldn't help snorting coldly and said: "The weather is good, so you can live and work in peace and contentment? Could it be that the magistrate of Qu County is blind when he is a poor Taoist?"

"It has been raining heavily in Poyang County for ten consecutive days, and the Poyang River is about to break its embankment. Can you tell me, magistrate Qu County, that we can live and work in peace and contentment?"

Qu County Magistrate showed a disapproving expression, waved his hand and said: "This is a trivial matter, and offering sacrifices to the river god is a major event in this county. The county magistrate is planning to make sacrifices to the river god in Poyang County in three days. As long as the sacrifice is completed, we guarantee The flood receded and the rain cleared."

"Sacrifice? What kind of sacrifice will be used?" Chen Wenqing said sharply: "Could it be that sixteen boys, twenty girls, and twenty cattle and sheep are used, isn't it?"

On the way to the Yamen, Chen Wenqing met many Poyang people in Poyang County, who were tearfully putting their children under the age of eight into bamboo baskets, with desperate expressions on their faces.

"How did you know about this? I'm still thinking about whether to add more weight this year, and I'm worried that Lord River God will be dissatisfied with the lack of tribute."

"Add more weight?" Chen Wenqing was furious, and said, "What are you as a commoner? You shameless dog official, as a Poyang parent official, you don't make decisions for the people, but use the people to feed monsters. How shameless and hateful this is, how can you be worthy of this?" The people of Poyang County trust you? How can you be worthy of the official uniform you wear?"

"You! Bold!" County magistrate Qu stood up angrily when he heard the words, and said, "Is there anything wrong with me? This is also a helpless move. Since I took office in Poyang County, I have followed this rule, and it has been like this for many years. "

"If this official doesn't follow suit, then it's not just these people who will die, the entire Poyang County people may suffer catastrophe!"

Quxian continued: "I can exchange the lives of thirty-six children for more than 50,000 of my people to live and work in peace and contentment. It's worth it no matter what!"

"Don't do to others what you don't want done to yourself! Why don't you use your own children to raise monsters? Could it be that your children are precious, so the children of the common people are not precious? How cold-blooded must you be to say such a thing?" What are you talking about?!" Chen Wenqing wished he could slap Qu County Magistrate to death right now.

"It's just a few children. They will die when they die, but they are just a drop in the bucket. These people are like leeks in the field. Once they are harvested, they will grow new ones after a while."

County Magistrate Qu pointed at Chen Wenqing and said, "What's more, it's not up to you, a foreign Taoist priest, to dictate matters in this county. If the two Taoist priests have nothing else to do, then I won't be far away."

Magistrate Qu took a sip from his teacup, obviously intending to see off the guests.

"Magistrate Qu, the giant anaconda, a monster in Poyang County, has been doing evil for many years, and the people have suffered unspeakably. Pindao came here this time to subjugate demons, and there was a lot of excitement in his words just now. I also asked County Magistrate Qu to arrange government servants to help. .”

Chen Wenqing held back the anger in her heart and said.

"Don't! Don't yell about killing demons and demons anymore. I don't know how many monks, Taoist priests, and knights came to Poyang County before. Everyone spoke beautiful words at the beginning, but in the end they all fell away. Anaconda's mouth."

"In this way, not only did the river god fail to be removed, but it also aroused the anger of the river god. Every time the demon is eliminated, it is the people of my Poyang County who suffer in the end. As a result, the annual sacrifices have increased year after year, and the county has already borne the burden. I'm sorry to toss any more!"

A cold light flashed in Chen Wenqing's eyes, and he pulled out the mahogany sword, and the mysterious spirit flowed on the sword.

"Hmph! It's better to say than to sing! Are you worried about the people in Poyang County, Magistrate Qu, or are you worried that the increase in sacrifices will shrink your pocketbook?"

"As the county magistrate of Poyang, you don't want to benefit the people of the county, but instead think about how to please a monster. It's just unreasonable!"

Chen Wenqing pointed to the front hall and said, "It's been raining for days, shouldn't you go to condolences to the people's livelihood? Instead, a group of yamen servants gathered in the yamen to drink and gamble. That's how you make decisions for the people?"

Feeling the chill from his neck, Qu County Magistrate felt the cold sweat dripping down his face, and said guiltily, "Master Daoist, you can't kill me! Otherwise, you won't be able to escape the sanction of the state law."

"Since I am the magistrate of Poyang County, it is not up to you, a little Taoist priest, to make irresponsible remarks when dealing with affairs in this county."

"Come on! Get these Taoist priests out of here!"

Magistrate Qu seemed to see that Chen Wenqing didn't dare to kill him, so he bit the bullet and yelled, and several drunken yamen servants rushed in, ready to strike with something.

"Hmph! A group of trash who only know how to scrape people's fat and fat, let you go today, and someone will deal with you in the future." Chen Wenqing put away the mahogany sword and said: "Junior Brother, Xiao Huihui, let's go !” After finishing speaking, the three of them left the county office angrily.

At this time, the three of them were standing under the eaves, looking at the pouring rain, Li Youcai asked: "Senior brother, what should we do now that Magistrate Qu is not cooperating?"

Chen Wenqing said: "This dog official wants to entrust the safety of a county to an evil animal. It is simply stupid. It seems that the current plan can only be discussed with the city god of Poyang County."

Hearing this, Li Youcai was silent for a while and said, "Brother, there is one thing you don't know. There is no City God in Poyang County now. Five years ago, the Poyang River God cast a spell, and it rained continuously for a month. Poyang City God's Yin God killed all of them. Since then, there is no Yin God in Poyang County to protect him, and the Poyang River God is so domineering and lawless."

"What? Even the City God is not the opponent of that evil animal?" Chen Wenqing said in shock, "It seems that this matter really needs to be discussed in the long run, otherwise Poyang County may really be plunged into doom."

Chen Wenqing frowned, her heart turned sharply, and she asked: "Junior brother, do you know what cultivation level that evildoer is now?"

"I heard that this monster is already at the peak of the second-grade spirit monster realm, and it can reach the first-grade if you go further. The body of the giant anaconda has the tendency to transform into a dragon, and its scales and armor are like copper skin and iron bones. It is invulnerable to water and fire, and it is extremely difficult to deal with."

"So that's the case, no wonder you are so confident. Calculated in this way, unless there are monks at the golden core stage who are willing to help, it may not be so easy for me and a few people to deal with this monster."

"In a short while, where can I find a golden core monk? Even if there is a golden core monk, he may not dare to offend Laoshan Dong Tianshi. After all, he has reached the realm of a celestial master, and he is already comparable to an immortal."

Li Youcai said in a low voice, and suddenly patted his head and said: "Oh! I suddenly remembered something, maybe I can get rid of this monster!"

"I remember that there was a Confucian and Taoist master in Poyang County, who passed down a dragon-slaying sword from his ancestors. His ancestor Wei Hui once held this sword and cut a dragon in his dream. The dragon-slaying sword was stained with the blood of a real dragon. A sword that can kill even real dragons. It should be easy to deal with an unformed flood dragon. If you can borrow this sword, you may be able to kill this evildoer together."

Li Youcai thought for a while, with a sad face on his face, and said, "It's just that Wei Zheng is notoriously stubborn, if he wants to borrow this sword, it will be extremely difficult!"

Chen Wenqing's eyes lit up when he heard the words, and asked, "Oh, junior brother, do you know where everyone Wei lives? Don't hesitate, we'll go and visit right away."

"I heard that Wei Zheng lives in a hut at the foot of the southern foot of Fuyun Mountain in Poyang County."

"Okay! Let's go visit everyone Wei immediately!" Chen Wenqing said decisively.

"For this trip, no matter what, I must borrow the Dragon Slaying Sword!"


		