

Under Chen Wenqing's clear eyes, all monsters have nowhere to hide.

I saw the person called "Master Fox", exuding a dark demonic aura, suddenly changed under the divine light, with long hair, fangs and claws growing on his body, tearing his clothes and turning into a Only two-tailed demon fox.

The other person was wearing the Taoist robe of the Martial Arts Institute, and his appearance remained unchanged. He maintained his humanoid appearance, which seemed to be no different from that of a human being.

"What a little Taoist priest, I didn't expect my Master Fox to plot against people all the year round, but today I was plotted against!"

"No wonder Guanzhu Gu has repeatedly explained that you should not be underestimated. It really makes sense..."

The demon fox was imposing, with its two long tails sweeping back and forth in the air, and its blood-colored pupils stared at Chen Wenqing motionless.

Chen Wenqing said in a cold voice: "Evil, after all, it's just an evil! Such ghostly tricks are only embarrassing, they are not very capable..."

The demon fox was furious when he heard the words, "Small human beings are like ants, they actually underestimate the wisdom of Master Fox..."

"My Qingqiu fox family has always been known for its wisdom, and everyone in the Kyushu mainland knows it."

"Hahaha, that's called wisdom? We can smell the stink of you fox from a mile away... It's just wishful thinking to plot against us!"

Li Youcai snorted and spoke provocatively.

"you wanna die!"

The fox demon was so enraged that he was about to strike as soon as he moved.

at this time.

The disciple of the Martial Arts Academy beside him blocked the sword with a cross in his hand.

I saw him take two steps forward, looked Chen Wenqing up and down, and said coldly: "I didn't expect you to be a handyman who was about to die, but you can grow to this level today... I really am too kind to let you Growing up to this point..."

Chen Wenqing looked at the disciple of the Martial Arts Institute in front of him, but he didn't have any impression, and he could be sure that he had never seen this person.

However, from Chen Wenqing's tone, it could be heard that the other party seemed to know him quite well.

In addition, it is worth mentioning that Chen Wenqing is also very familiar with this person's voice.

Chen Wenqing's heart changed sharply.

After a while, he finally remembered who the person in front of him was.

"So it's you!?"

Chen Wenqing suddenly realized that he finally remembered the voice.

"At the beginning, it turned out that you and Chen Zhi, the steward of the handyman, deliberately gave me a fake "Qi Refining Art" to make me go crazy...I almost died..."

The disciples of the Martial Arts Institute were extremely surprised when they heard this.

"Oh? You actually know that I killed you? How did you know?"

Chen Wenqing said, "I still remember your voice! Why did you and Chen Zhimi plot to kill me?"

Chen Wenqing finally remembered.

It turned out that when I crossed over, I heard the voices of two people, and one of them was the person in front of me.

"Hahaha... I didn't expect that you could still hear my voice at that time... It's my fault that I was careless, otherwise I wouldn't have caused so many troubles!"

The martial arts disciple shook his head and said, "Forget it! Since you recognized me today, there is no need to hide it from you today!"

"You were just a small handyman back then, and no one cared about life or death."

"Therefore, your physical body is one of the best choices in Zixia Temple, the vessel hidden by the monster clan..."

At this time, Chen Wenqing finally understood everything. It turned out that her predecessor died under the murder of the monster clan.

Chen Wenqing held the dragon-slaying sword tightly in his hand, and at the same time, his eyes signaled Li Youcai to be ready to fight.

"It seems that there should be many monsters lurking in Zixia Temple."

Chen Wenqing asked, "What is the purpose of all your painstaking planning?"

"And you, as a dignified human race, why do you want to murder the same kind with the monster team?!"

When the martial arts disciples heard Chen Wenqing's question, they looked up to the sky and laughed loudly, "Do you think I will tell you this? Don't think about it!"

"Today, since I was exposed by you, the only thing I can do is die!"

"Of course, it must be you who died!"

After finishing speaking, the sword in his hand stabbed at Chen Wenqing.

"The blade is like fire!"

A blue flame lit up on the opponent's long sword, the temperature in the air suddenly rose, and the flame turned into a phoenix and devoured Chen Wenqing.

"Is this in the Southern Ming Spirit Fire?"

Chen Wenqing's body was covered in golden light, covering the surface of his body, feeling the blue flame on the surface of his body, which exploded with astonishing heat.

"Who are you? You have such a cultivation level, you must not be unknown in the Budao Academy!"

"Hahaha...", the martial arts disciple laughed loudly.

"No name at home? What is the use of my fame? What can I control, and who can I save?"

The disciples of the Martial Arts Institute poured their spiritual power into the Nanming Spiritual Fire, and the flame became more radiant under the urging of the spiritual power, like a clear spring, blue and transparent.

But just under this blue flame, there is a huge murderous intent hidden.

At this moment, Chen Wenqing felt the golden light on his body surface, which was severely worn away by the flames. The golden light sizzled and threatened to burst at any time.

"What a powerful Nanming Spirit Fire!"

Chen Wenqing decided to fight fire with fire, to see whether it was his Dual Confused True Fire or Nanming Linghuo that was stronger.

I saw Chen Wenqing pinching the inside of the nose with the big finger of his left hand, reciting the Canopy Marshal mantra, with a dark and yellow aura.

Immediately after, connect the clay pills, charge the breath to respond to the talisman, remember the experience of Naling, and recite the mantra.

"Canopy Canopy, Jiuxuan Shatong."

"Five Ding Dusi, Gao Diaobei Weng.

"Seven politics and eight spirits, Tai Shang Hao is fierce."

"The King of Mighty Swords, kill evil and destroy traces."

"Purple Qi ascends to heaven, Danxia Hechong."

"Swallow demons and eat ghosts, drink the wind sideways."

"Tian Ding Li Shi, Cheng Nan is protecting against evil."

"Tian Zou is violent, Wei Bei Yu Feng."

"Urgent as a law! Canopy printing, forgive me!"

An orange flame appeared in Chen Wenqing's palm, and it turned into a palm print. The palm print was burning with raging fire, and he went towards the disciples of the Martial Dao Academy.

"Boom!"

"Fire Hell Seal" and "Nanming Spiritual Fire" collided together, making an explosion sound, and the two flames scattered and fell into the forest beside them.

Immediately, the woods burst into flames.

"puff…"

Chen Wenqing felt a sweetness in her chest at this time, let out a muffled groan, and couldn't help spitting out a mouthful of blood.

"I didn't expect that this person not only has profound cultivation, but also has superb fire control skills..."

Chen Wenqing confronted him head-on, but suffered a secret loss.

Seeing that Chen Wenqing was defeated, Li Youcai wanted to come over to help. I saw that the arrogance of Confucianism and Taoism in the world is surging, and Confucianism is about to be launched.

"Confucianism, all arrows are fired!"

Just when Li Youcai launched Confucianism and Taoism, a black wind gathered in the mouth of the two-tailed demon fox and blew towards Li Youcai.

air.

The arrows of Confucianism that Li Youcai had not gathered yet were blown away by the black wind, directly destroying the "thousand arrows."

Li Youcai was shocked when he saw this, with a solemn expression, ready to fight.

After all, this is the first time he has encountered someone who can break Confucianism and Taoism.

"Brother! From the looks of it, neither of these two is easy to deal with today... Be careful, I'm afraid I'll be at a loss for the next two!"

With a wave of Li Youcai's hand, thirteen yellow talismans were suspended in the air, forming a character formation.

Chen Wenqing didn't have time to look at him at this time, he wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth, and responded: "Junior brother, both of them have cultivation levels higher than mine, so we must go all out!"

Seeing this, the martial arts disciples sneered and said, "You can't take care of yourself, how can you take care of others?"

"Don't worry! Neither of you will live today!"

"Heavenly flames start a prairie fire!"

The martial arts disciple held the sword across his chest with one hand, pressed the other hand on the back of the sword, and threw out with all his strength.

Use kendo supernatural powers.

Chen Wenqing's heart shuddered, he felt the temperature in the air rising rapidly, and even the blue hair on his shoulders began to smell of scorching.

"Looks like it's another powerful fire-type supernatural power! There is no water available in the space of the Demon Suppressing Tower. Otherwise, you can use the River God's Token and the water-type Taoism to fight against it..."

Chen Wenqing thought about the means that could be used now, but found that there was no suitable magical power to counter it.

"If only the way of talismans could be used!" Chen Wenqing sighed.

Since the loss of the way of talismans, Chen Wenqing's methods of dealing with the enemy seem to be very single, and there are often situations where there are insufficient resources.

"Hahaha…"

"Chen Wenqing, don't you claim to be the number one outer sect disciple today?"

"What? Can't even deal with my mere fire-type supernatural power?"

Seeing Chen Wenqing's bewildered look, the martial arts disciples said mockingly.

"Hmph! You don't want to use the Dragon Cry Sword right now, do you?"

The disciples of the Martial Arts Institute concentrated their spiritual energy on the sword body with all their strength, and locked onto Chen Wenqing.

"Dragon Yin's sword is certainly powerful! But, I'm not Zhang Qian! I can't just stand still and take your sword!"

"So, if you want to kill me with a sword from Longyin, that's wishful thinking!"

The disciple of the Martial Arts Institute jumped into the air and slashed at Chen Wenqing.

"Heavenly flames start a prairie fire!"

"die!"

A criss-crossed flame blade radiated endless heat.

The blue flames turned into fiery snakes, engulfing Chen Wenqing.


		