

The second floor of the Demon Town Tower.

Under the yellow sand.

Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai finally came to the dilapidated Taoist temple leading to the third floor.

"Senior brother, if it wasn't for your ghost-controlling talisman, I think it would be difficult to find this place even if it takes ten days and half a month."

"It's really not easy to find this place," Chen Wenqing looked at the surrounding environment.

"However, since we have a way to find it, I believe that Master Xi will also have a way. I think it is only a matter of time before they find this place."

Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai walked down from Huangsha for more than twenty feet before entering this Taoist temple. This Taoist temple is buried under the yellow sand and is very hidden. If there is no means, it is really not easy to find.

"Senior brother, we should be laying out the eight formations next, right?"

Li Youcai asked.

"That's right. We set up eight formations in this Taoist temple. As soon as they enter the Taoist temple, they will immediately fall into the formation I arranged."

Chen Wenqing opened the storage bag, one by one spirit stones flew out of the storage bag, suspended in the air, and counted one hundred and eight.

"This diagram of the Eight Diagrams was originally called the Jiugong Eight Diagrams Array, or the Five Elements Eight Diagrams Array."

"It is the number derived from six lines, three and three, and arranged according to the nine palaces and eight trigrams."

"Gossip means that one life is two, two is three, and three is all things. Tai Chi produces two forms, two forms produce four phases, and four phases produce eight trigrams."

"Eight trigrams change sixty-four lines, and from then on, they go back and forth and change endlessly."

Chen Wenqing arranged the one hundred and eight spirit stones suspended in the air according to the Eight Diagrams formation.

With a flick of his left hand, each spirit stone flew to different directions of the Nine Palaces, and landed in the directions of Qian Palace, Kan Palace, Gen Palace, Zhen Palace, Zhong Palace, Xun Palace, Li Palace, Kun Palace, and Dui Palace.

When the position of the Nine Palaces was settled, Chen Wenqing waved his hand again, and another spirit stone fell in turn in the positions of Qian, Kan, Gen, Zhen, Xun, Li, Kun, and Dui in the eight trigrams.

at this time.

One hundred and eight spirit stones have all been settled according to the Jiugong Bagua array.

This Nine Palaces and Eight Diagrams diagram is considered to be more than half completed.

"Nine palaces and eight trigrams formation diagrams need someone to preside over them, so I will preside over the position of the formation eye, and you, junior brother, will stand at the deputy formation eye to respond. Remember, once someone falls into the formation, don't rush to attack and kill them first. The main purpose should be to siege."

"In addition, Junior Brother, your Confucianism-Mirror Flower Water Moon Divine Ability is also very important. Before the opponent enters the Eight Diagrams Formation, you must activate it in advance, and you must not let the opponent see any flaws."


Sitting on the sidelines is the most test of people's patience.

Fortunately, Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai did not wait long.

Five hours later.

Only a bang was heard, and a big hole was broken in the roof of the Taoist temple, yellow sand rustled on the ground, and three figures fell from the big hole in the roof.

I saw one of the middle-aged Taoist priests, exuding a powerful aura, wearing the Taoist robes of the disciples of the Dan Dao Academy, while the other two young Taoist priests were wearing the Taoist robes of the Shu Dao Academy.

"I finally found it. I didn't expect this place to be so hard to find!"

"It's also thanks to Master Xi's supernatural powers, otherwise I'm afraid I won't be able to find this place in ten days and a half months..."

The two disciples of Shu Dao Academy complimented the middle-aged Taoist priest in the middle.

"Okay! There's no need to say compliments, we'd better enter the third floor of the Town Demon Tower as soon as possible, we don't have much time..."

A middle-aged Taoist priest in the middle stopped the other two from continuing.

"Yes... yes... Master Rhino, please..."

Two disciples of the Shu Dao Academy led the middle-aged Taoist priest towards a colorful golden light.

"At this moment!"

Chen Wenqing was determined, and poured all her spiritual power into the Eight Diagrams Formation.

immediately.

In the Eight Diagrams Formation, one hundred and eight pillars of light rose up, exuding gleaming white light.

The gossip formation has already been launched.

but.

The three of them didn't realize it, and they still stepped into the five

In the colorful light.

The three of them just felt a blur in front of them, and they entered the third floor of the Town Demon Tower.

However, before the three of them could react, they heard a roar coming from their ears.

A huge tiger demon appeared in front of the three of them, spreading its wings and flying in the air, spraying seven fireballs at them.

"Hmph! The little tiger demon is so bold that he dares to attack Master Xi..."

A disciple of the Shu Dao Academy said angrily, "Are you trying to die?"

As soon as he finished speaking, he saw the bones of his whole body shifted, and sharp claws covered with bristles protruded from the Taoist robe.

The sharp claws tore open the original flesh, and a huge spider emerged from it.

The big spider sprayed a cloud of spider webs towards the seven fireballs, encircling the seven fireballs, and immediately the fireballs turned into a cloud of blue smoke and disappeared.

Outside the Jiugong Bagua array.

Li Youcai attacked the three people standing still in the Taoist temple with the seven fire talismans, but suddenly one of them turned into a spider and easily extinguished the fireball.

Seeing that the fireball transformed by the talisman was easily extinguished by the opponent, Li Youcai knew that the opponent was not so easy to deal with, so he used the Great Gang Wind Technique, which he was best at.

"Gang Wind Art - Forgiveness!"

The talisman in Li Youcai's hand disappeared in a flash, turning into a tornado and hurricane that hit the three of them.

at this time.

The giant tiger flying in mid-air flapped its wings, and suddenly a series of winds like swords moved towards the three of them.

"What a powerful tiger demon!"

The spider spit out words, but it didn't dare to directly catch the blast.

So, the spider spirit dodged left and right on the ground.

"let me!"

In addition, when a disciple of the Shu Dao Academy saw this, his whole body was filled with awe-inspiring black aura, and the robe on his body suddenly shattered into pieces, and a poisonous snake that spit out a letter came out from the flesh.

The poisonous snake has a triangular head and is covered in turquoise. Its icy eyes are staring at the tiger demon in the air.

"Tiger monster, how dare you fight back? Do you know who the person in front of you is?"

The poisonous snake was furious, and opened its mouth to spit out a dark green smoke, entangled towards the giant tiger in mid-air.

"Brother, let me come!"

Chen Wenqing watched a thick dark green fog rise in the Taoist temple, Chen Wenqing cast the golden light spell, and a golden light immediately covered Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai, isolating the poisonous fog.

Immediately afterwards, Chen Wenqing pinched his fingers, chanted the "Fire Hell Seal" mantra, and slapped the three motionless people in the Taoist temple.

"Hell Sealing Method! Forgive me!"

A palm print that was burning with the real fire of ambiguity went towards the three evildoers.

Bagua array diagram.

The three monsters were planning to deal with the "ignorant" monster tiger with all their strength, but suddenly they heard a bird cry, a fire bird rose into the air, and sprayed a "two-sided real fire" at themselves.

The three evildoers were filled with anger when they saw the Dual Confused True Fire coming with a scorching breath.

Obviously their cultivation base is higher here, and they exude the aura of the upper class of the monster clan, but they really don't understand the reason why the other party will attack them if they disagree with each other.

"Is there something wrong with the monsters on the second floor?! Why did they attack us when they saw us?"

In fact, spider demons and snake demons have always been more afraid of flames, let alone ambiguous real fire.

The firebirds in mid-air didn't care what they thought at this time, they just kept spraying dual fire at the three monsters.

finally.

The spider demon and the snake demon couldn't dodge it in time, and were finally burnt out by the real fire of ambiguity.

"Really crazy?"

"We dug your grave?"

At this moment, the spider demon and the snake demon are going crazy!


		