

Tonight is a special day for Poyang County.

Of course, only a few people know this day. Most of the people in Poyang County fell asleep peacefully as usual.

At this time, the night was dark.

Chen Wenqing brought Li Youcai and others to the City God's Office.

The City God's Office is newly built, and the gate of the mansion's office is open, and there are two yin generals standing outside the door, the bull head and the horse face. At this time, seeing Chen Wenqing approaching, he said:

"The little one has seen the God of Poyang River and the God of Fuyun Mountain. The Lord City God ordered me to wait here to welcome the distinguished guests. Everyone, please come inside!"

Chen Wenqing returned the salute and said, "Thank you, General Niu Ma." As he spoke, the three followed General Niu Ma all the way in.

In fact, this is not the first time Chen Wenqing has entered the City God's Office. As early as when she was staying in Chen County, Chen Wenqing had already visited once. However, he didn't know much about the establishment and responsibilities of the City God's Office that time.

Therefore, Chen Wenqing asked: "Two generals, what is the new system of the City God's Office? Can you elaborate?"

"Since the grown-ups ask, the little ones will naturally know."

General Niutou said: "Generally speaking, the City God's Office is modeled after the government system in Yangjian. Under the City God's Office are the civil and military judges, the gods of various divisions, General Ganliu, General Fan Xie, General Niu Ma, Day and Night Tour God, General Shackles and other gods."

"These yin soldiers and yin generals also come from the yang world. They are often people with justice in their hearts and serve the country and the people. After death, they will turn into yin soldiers and yin generals to continue to guard the world."

Chen Wenqing nodded when she heard the words, and said with admiration: "It is admirable to live as a hero and shepherd the common people, and to die as a ghost to protect the people!"

General Niutou grinned, and said: "You can't deserve such praise from adults, the little ones are just doing their duty."

Hearing the words, Ma Mian took over the words and said, "The City God's assistants are divided into different divisions, and the configuration of each division is different according to each temple. The three divisions are mainly the Yin and Yang Division, the Quick Report Division, and the Picket Division. These three divisions are based on the Yin and Yang Division. Be the head of the divisions."

"The Department of Yin and Yang is the first assistant official of the Lord of the City God. After coordinating with the various departments and monitoring the cases, he will report to the City God. Similar to Yangjian, there is a complete system of officials in the Yin Dynasty."

"Master Chenghuang is in charge of the affairs of the underworld, mainly guarding the city, protecting the country, governing the souls of the dead, and reconciling the god of wind and rain. Lord Chenghuang cooperates with Lord Yangjian County Magistrate to manage the yin and yang affairs of a city."

Li Youcai sighed: "Nowadays, demons and ghosts are rampant, and the city god is becoming more and more important to the affairs of the world. It is said that the officials do their best, and the gods bless their spirits. They each perform their duties, and they are worthy of the people!"

While everyone was talking, they had already arrived at the front hall of the City God's Office.

Above the front hall hangs a plaque with the words "Gangji Yanming" written on it. There is a main seat under the plaque, and a person is sitting on the main seat, which is Wei Zheng himself.

There were already many Yin gods standing on the left and right sides of Wei Zheng's lower head, and when he saw Chen Wenqing and others coming in, he immediately fell silent.

"I'm waiting for the God of Poyang River and the God of Fuyun Mountain!"

Seeing this, Chen Wenqing hurried forward two steps, cupped his hands and said: "You are welcome, Xiaodao owes you the favor of Lord Chenghuang, and I am here today to greet you!"

As Chen Wenqing said, he turned his head and bowed to Wei Zheng who was sitting on the main seat, and said, "Xiaodao has met Mr. Wei, congratulations to Mr. Wei Rongren City God. I believe that under the protection of Mr. Wei, the people's livelihood in Poyang County will be stable and the weather will be good. "

"Student Li Youcai met Mr. Wei, thank you Mr. Wei for saving his life!"

Li Youcai was very excited to see Wei Zheng sitting on the main seat. For many days, the depression in his heart seemed to be swept away.

"There's no need to be too polite." Wei Zheng stepped down from the chief seat to help Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai, and said, "It is thanks to the help of the two of you that I was able to serve as the City God after my death. I don't have the chance to be the City God. After all, I have to thank you all."

"Impossible, if Old Wei didn't lend me the Dragon Slaying Sword, I wouldn't be able to deal with this evildoer." Li Youcai was flattered.

Wei Zheng looked at Li Youcai and said happily, "Youcai, I heard that you cut off Jiaolong's head. You did a good job!"

"In the future, the practice of Confucianism and Taoism will require more courage and diligence!"


While everyone was talking, a gust of wind blew, and Bai Wuchang's figure appeared in the hall.

"I'm waiting to meet Seventh Master!"

"Free gift!"

Bai Wuchang said that he flipped his palms over, and opened a black scroll that was emitting a sinister air, and said to the people below: "I am here this time, mainly to confer the title of City God on behalf of Wei Zheng."

Bai Wuchang said to Wei Zheng: "Here is Yin Si Haowen, Wei Zheng takes orders!"

Bai Wuchang opened the black scroll and read aloud:

"The treasure of the city god, the ceremony of conversion of ambition"

"The ancient prince of Sheji, the righteous god of the world, the deeds of showing loyalty to the country, and the benevolence of rewarding the good and punishing the evil"

"The lord of the city, the servants of the counties, the thirteen governors under his jurisdiction, and the eighteen Shinjis sentenced in the case"

"Ten thousand years of temple society, kindness and support for billions of kalpas, setting up the handle of blessing and prestige, creating the right to infuse life and death"

"Use divine power to protect Poyang, and drive away barbarians when encountering Yin soldiers"

"The most spiritual and the most holy, is righteous and fair, protects the country, protects peace and protects the holy king, and Wei Linggong feels the gods!"

Wei Zheng bowed to take Hao Wen, and said loudly: "Thank you Lord Yan Jun! I will do my best to protect the environment and the people!"

"This is the City God Order!"

A black token appeared in Bai Wuchang's palm, and he flew towards Wei Zheng. The token exuded a gloomy and cold aura.

"With this token, we can mobilize the civil and military judges of our Yin Division, the great gods of various divisions, General Ganliu, General Fan Xie, General Niu Ma, Day and Night Traveling God, General Shackles, etc." Bing Yin general said: "It is not easy to build the Poyang City God's Yamen. I hope you will go all out in the future and take on the important task of guarding the common people."

"We will live up to your trust!"

Bai Wuchang turned around and suddenly said to Chen Wenqing: "In addition to the City God's Office in Poyang County, the Poyang River God and Fuyun Mountain God are the most important. Now, these two important positions have been added to you. I wonder what you think?"

Chen Wenqing hesitated for a moment, then said: "I have some ideas. However, since ancient times, my idea has never had such a precedent, and I don't know if it is feasible?"

"Oh? Since you have an idea, you might as well say it directly." Wei Zheng stroked his beard and said.

"I want to put the mountain god, river god and city god's office together to manage the entire Poyang County together."

Chen Wenqing resolutely said: "Nowadays, there are no taboos about demons, ghosts and ghosts, and they feed on the blood of the common people. The gods of mountains and rivers are divine powers, but the government office of the City God is under the jurisdiction of the underworld. Nowadays, heaven and man are separated. The god position exists in name only. In this case, it is better to bring the three together, so that the power of incense and mind will be more prosperous, which is helpful for cultivation. If there is an invasion of monsters and ghosts, we can resist together."

"Since the gods don't care about things, it's better for the Yin Division to collect all the orders of the gods and put them under the jurisdiction of the underworld.

"As for the laws of the gods and gods, it's fine if you don't listen to them!"

Bai Wuchang and Wei Zheng were silent at this time, both were surprised by Chen Wenqing's bold and reckless words.

After a while, Bai Wuchang said: "This matter is of great importance, and I am not the only one to decide it. I need to report to Lord Yan before we can make a conclusion."

"After all, the pardon of the gods is the duty of the heavenly court. Although heaven and man are separated now, one day the seal between heaven and earth will be lifted, and what we do in the underworld will definitely be noticed by the heavenly court. If it is pursued, it will be extremely troublesome... "

"However, only in this way can we truly protect the common people of one side..."

Bai Wuchang shook his hand and said, "This matter has to be discussed in the long term! Please be patient and don't be impatient. If you really want to do this, you need to do it step by step, and don't act too hastily!"

Chen Wenqing understood the worries of the underworld, and said with a twitch in his heart: "If the underworld still has doubts, I have a compromise method here, which may be more suitable for the moment."

"Oh? What's the solution, please come quickly!"

Chen Wenqing smiled when he heard the words, and said: "This method is like a spark that can start a prairie fire!"

"A single spark can start a prairie fire!?"

Bai Wuchang murmured this sentence in his mouth, and began to think.


		