

Chen Wenqing conceded defeat.

But everyone seemed to turn a deaf ear to it, and they were all intoxicated by the brilliance of the dragon singing a sword, unable to extricate themselves.

No one thought that Chen Wenqing had lost.

After all, even senior brother Zhang Qian couldn't take that sword unharmed.

If Zhang Qian hadn't made a breakthrough on the spot, it would have been unpredictable under this sword.

Of course, no one thought that Zhang Qian had lost.

As Zhang Qian is number one in the outer sect, no one has ever underestimated him because he is only a disciple of the outer sect.

What's more, with Zhang Qian's current strength and cultivation level, he has already firmly ranked first in the inner sect.

Even the direct disciples may be able to compete with each other.

Sharpen the blade between life and death, so as to break through the realm, just ask how many people in the world can do it happily?

There are more than a thousand disciples in Zixia Temple, but Zhang Qian is the only one.

Zhang Qian heard that Chen Wenqing took the initiative to admit defeat, and said: "Junior Brother, since you said so, then this battle is a draw for us!"

"I'm looking forward to my junior breaking through the Aperture Realm, that's when we fight again!"

After Zhang Qian finished speaking, he laughed and flew away, leaving all the disciples looking up at his back.

In fact, Zhang Qian is no longer obsessed with winning or losing at such a level of cultivation.

But he knew that the victory or defeat of this Zongmen Grand Competition was related to the life and death of Fulu Taoist Academy.

Therefore, Zhang Qian made a final decision, and the contest between the two ended in a draw.

So far, the Fulu Taoist Academy competition has finally advanced with a record of five wins and one tie.

After this battle, Chen Wenqing's name resounded throughout the Zixia Temple, and even the disciples in the inner courtyard knew his name.

Everyone speculated that Chen Wenqing might be the next Zhang Qian?

They all lamented that Fulu Taoist Temple is really lucky!

but.

Judging from the record, it seems that Chen Wenqing is even better.

Zhang Qian entered Zixia Temple for half a year and became the number one outside sect; Chen Wenqing only took half a year to draw with Zhang Qian.

From this, it can be seen that Chen Wenqing's talent may be even more astonishing.

at this time.

Chen Wenqing was about to leave the questioning field, but a voice came from afar.

"Stay still, I have something to ask..."

The voice moved from far to near, and after the last word was finished, a figure had already descended from the sky and landed beside Chen Wenqing.

The visitor was wearing a crane cloak, with white beard and hair, and a long sword in his hand. He was tall and thin, with a clean face.

"I am Qingsong, the head of the Martial Arts Academy. I came here to ask you, are you interested in joining my Martial Arts Academy?"

Qingsong continued: "I see that your swordsmanship has become a phenomenon, but it needs to be polished. If you enter my martial arts academy, this academy will definitely pass it on..."

"I want you to know that I am also practicing the way of the sword. In the entire Zixia Temple, I am the only one who can teach you the way of the sword..."

Chen Wenqing did not expect that Long Yin's sword would attract Qingsong, the head of the Martial Arts Institute, to come to recruit himself.

For this matter, Chen Wenqing was really surprised.

However, he already had calculations in his mind, so he cupped his hands and said.

"Thank you for your love, but Xiaodao has already entered the Fulu Taoist Academy, and has no thoughts or plans to join another academy at this time..."

Qingsong caressed his long beard lightly, with admiration in his eyes, he said: "It's very rare to be able to be neither arrogant nor impetuous, and not to forget the original intention at such an age!"

"However, if you join the Martial Dao Academy, I can promise you the cultivation resources of the core disciples and let you be included in the core. And if one day, you break through to the late stage of Jindan, I can accept you as a personal successor and personally teach you the mantle..."

"I don't know, what do you think?"

asked in the field.

Cheng Jiaoyu from Fulu Daoist Academy and fellow seniors looked at the scene in front of them with gloomy expressions and remained silent.

I'm afraid that after today, Chen Wenqing will leave Fulu Taoist Academy.

Chen Wenqing cupped his hands and said with a smile: "Xiaodao once again thanked Qingsong Academy for his favor. However, since Xiaodao has entered the Fulu Taoist Academy, Xiaodao is a member of the Fulu Taoist Academy."

"In addition, let Qingsong Zhangyuan know that Xiaodao is a five-element miscellaneous spiritual root qualification, and the future practice may not be smooth sailing. I am afraid that the speed of practice and the resources consumed for practice cannot be calculated..."

"Perhaps Xiaodao can only stop at the Golden Core stage in this life. In this way, will the Qingsong Academy accept Xiaodao?"

"Five Elements Miscellaneous Spiritual Roots?"

Qingsong Academy pondered for a moment when he heard the words, took a deep look at Chen Wenqing, and sighed: "Ah...you are such a heart, you are really the best choice for Taoism!"

"It's a pity that it is the talent of the Five Elements Miscellaneous Spiritual Root. It's a pity..."

Qingsong Zhangyuan shook his head and walked away on the clouds.

Following the departure of Qingsong Zhangyuan, everyone in the Asking Field exploded.

"Refused! He actually refused?"

"I really didn't expect that such an opportunity was in front of me, and I didn't cherish it..."

"That's a core disciple. The Qingsong Academy even promised to be a personal disciple and inherit the Qingsong Academy's mantle..."

"Perhaps, this is the difference between a genius and us?"

"Genius? Five elements miscellaneous spirit root is considered a genius?" Someone said sarcastically.


In any case, Chen Wenqing's name is enough to make the entire Zixia Temple disciples talk about it with delight.

Chen Wenqing walked out of the field of questioning, came to Cheng Jiaoyu's side, and said to the crowd: "I made everyone worry!"

"We finally won!"

There was a burst of cheers from everyone in the Fulu Taoist Academy!

"Hahaha, we won!"

"Great! We don't need to disband the Fulu Daoist Academy!"

"Junior Brother Chen, Wan Sheng!"

The Fulu Daoist Academy has won a complete victory and has already guaranteed promotion.

What is certain is that this year is not the last one, but it can also be regarded as the completion of Cheng Jiaoyu's goal.

Of course, ensuring that the Fulu Taoist Academy is not disbanded is just a small goal of Chen Wenqing.

And Chen Wenqing's real goal is to lead the Fulu Taoist Academy to win the first place in the outer sect!

The competition in the Fulu Taoist Academy has ended, but the competitions in other Taoist schools have just begun.

Chen Wenqing gained a lot from this contest with Zhang Qian. He needed to digest the gains from this big competition, so he didn't stay to continue watching, but chose to go back to the Fulu Daoist Temple alone to meditate and wait for tomorrow's final.

Chen Wenqing was not in a hurry, watching the clouds steaming in the distance, his mood became free like a mountain breeze.

Since entering Zixia Temple, he has never been relaxed for a moment.

At this time, he was greatly relieved.

"After working hard for so long, I finally have the power to protect myself. However, Gu Jing has not made a move yet, and I don't know what method he will use in the final tomorrow."

"Today, I have exposed my strongest method, and he will definitely target it tomorrow."

"I don't know, what method will be used in the finals tomorrow? If it is still a normal match, there is no need to worry too much. I am afraid that some special arrangements will be made for me..."

Chen Wenqing stopped and walked, and unknowingly came to the Yandang Lake again, which was the place where he was ambushed and assassinated.

Looking at the surface of Yandang Lake, the layers of lotus leaves, he was full of thoughts.

The breeze blows, bringing wisps of fragrance...

Chen Wenqing walked towards the Huxin Pavilion not far away. Because it was assassinated here last time, the Huxin Pavilion was destroyed. Unexpectedly, Chen Wenqing went out to avoid the disaster, and a new lake pavilion was built.

The sun is warm and the mountains are rippling.

In the pavilion in the middle of the lake.

An old man in gray was fishing with a bamboo pole in his hand.

The old man drooped his eyebrows and was dozing off.

The bamboo pole tapped the lake surface little by little, and the fishing line also collapsed very straight, obviously it was already a fish.

But the old man seemed to be in a deep sleep and didn't notice it at all.

Chen Wenqing approached the old man, and a strong smell of wine came from him. Looking sideways, there was a jug of old wine boiling beside the little old man, and the aroma of the wine came from here.

Seeing this, Chen Wenqing raised the corners of his mouth, smiled slightly, and said in his heart: "This little old man is quite good at enjoying life..."

"Looks like he's drunk..."

Chen Wenqing patted the old man's shoulder lightly and said, "Old man, wake up!"

"Fish, take the bait!"


		