

"This study is the place where the official usually handles documents, and the official seal was stolen here."

"Oh? When was the official seal stolen?"

Chen Wenqing looked around the room. The whole room looks rather simple, with only a bookcase, a long desk, and a chair. At this time, there were already piles of documents on the desk. There is a sandalwood box next to the document. The box has been opened, but the box is empty.

"The time when the official seal was stolen should be between Yin hour the night before yesterday and Chen hour the next day."

"Oh, why is Magistrate Wang so sure?"

"Before Yinshi the night before yesterday, I was still dealing with official duties. I didn't go back to the mansion to rest until Yinshi. The next day, I heard from my master that the official seal had been stolen."

Chen Wenqing nodded, and said, "So that's the case. The magistrate Wang is so diligent and caring about the people, it's really a blessing to stay in Chen County."

"I'm really ashamed! After the official seal was lost, I have neglected my administration for two days. Now that there is a backlog of files, it is inevitable to work. I just hope that the official seal can be found as soon as possible. If this is the case, I have to ask the two priests."

Chen Wenqing said: "You don't have to be polite, county magistrate Wang. The poor should do their best. It's just that two days have passed, and now the evil spirit has dissipated. If we want to find the traces of the monster, I'm afraid it will take a lot of effort."

Hearing this, Li Youcai said, "Brother, I don't see any traces here. Could it be, what can you do?"

"Well. I have a supernatural power called "Sky Eye". I may be able to find traces of monsters, but I have never used this supernatural power before, so I am not sure if it is feasible."

"Please do whatever you can." County magistrate Wang bowed and said: "The county government has been searching for the official seal for two days, but there is no clue. If there are other methods, please do not hesitate to use them."

"That's good! In that case, I will do my best."

Chen Wenqing was immersed in spiritual consciousness and contemplating the "Shangqing Lingbao Scripture", and tried her best to breathe. The majestic aura condensed towards the center of Chen Wenqing's eyebrows, Chen Wenqing shouted and recited the mantra:

"The law of heaven is clear, the law of earth is spirited, the essence of yin and yang is formed, and the spirit of water reveals its form. Spiritual light and water capture, penetrate the sky and reach the earth, promote the law, and mirror the law of yin and yang. The true form is quickly revealed, and the true form is quickly revealed. law!"

"Sky eyes, open!"

I saw a vertical mark cracked between Chen Wenqing's eyebrows, and there was a faint flash of divine light in the vertical mark. After reciting the divine mantra, the vertical mark was completely opened, and a vertical pupil shone with brilliant golden light, exuding supreme majesty, which made people dare not look straight at.

"This is the Heavenly Eye! It turned out to be the legendary Heavenly Eye! I never thought that the Taoist priest would have such mana cultivation at such a young age, so that I am amazed!"

"The county magistrate Wang praised it. This eye is still in its infancy, and there is no supernatural power at present. However, there is no problem in finding traces of monsters."

As soon as Chen Wenqing finished speaking, his expression changed, and he said, "I found it! I didn't expect it to be a mouse monster, and it hid it so well. No wonder the naked eye couldn't find it!"

Chen Wenqing said to the county magistrate Wang: "Please also ask the yamen servant to move this bookcase away. There is a rat hole behind this bookcase, and there is a faint evil spirit coming from it!"

County magistrate Wang was overjoyed when he heard the words, and said, "Prince Chunyang really knows the way of Taoism, and he found the clue so quickly! Please wait a moment, the two priests."

After a while, four yamen servants came in and worked together to move the bookcase away, but they didn't see the rat hole Chen Wenqing mentioned.

"Hmph! How can mere blindness be able to stop me!" Chen Wenqing sneered, and said, "Heavenly eyes can see through, break the barrier!"

A white light shot out from the sky eye between Chen Wenqing's eyebrows, shining on the corner of the wall. The corner of the wall made of blue bricks peeled off the layers of camouflage after being illuminated by the white light, and a hole the size of two fists appeared. The entrance of the cave is dark, and I don't know how deep it is. Next to the entrance of the hole, there is still fresh soil piled up. Obviously, this rat hole has only been dug not long ago.

"Sure enough, it's the rat monster! It's just that the hole stretches endlessly. How can I know where the rat monster is hiding?"

"Magistrate Wang, please don't worry. Now that the rat hole has been found, then Pindao will naturally have a way to track down the hiding place of the rat demon!"

Chen Wenqing was determined, stepped on the seven stars of the Big Dipper, and walked with the art of stepping on the bucket. He said: "What is contained in the earth, between Liuhe, and within the four seas, is illuminated by the sun and the moon, passed by the stars, and recorded by the four o'clock." , to be too old. Born by gods, their shapes are different, or they may die or live, and only sages can understand the way."

Chen Wenqing pinched his fingers and continued to chant the mantra: "Find the traces of evildoers with one talisman! Receive orders quickly and follow them quickly! Patriarch Shenxiao is as urgent as orders!"

At this time, there was no wind in the study, and a gust of wind and spiritual energy appeared. Accompanied by a flash of white light, a yellow talisman appeared on Chen Wenqing's fingertips. The yellow talisman burned and turned into a cloud of blue smoke and flew towards the sky!

"Let's go! Let's go out now. Follow the direction of the green smoke and search all the way. Where the green smoke gathers is the place where the rat monster is!"

When Wang County Magistrate heard the words, he slapped the case and shouted loudly: "Do you understand? Order all the yamen servants and follow me to eliminate demons!"

"Yes! Little ones, follow orders!"


Chen Wenqing led all the yamen servants, and walked slowly along with the green smoke, but he didn't dare to make too much noise, because they were afraid of scaring the snake.

By this time the sun had set and night fell. The people had already lit the torches, lined up in a long queue, and walked towards the wild forest outside the city.

"This is it!" Chen Wenqing pointed to a deserted temple not far away.

"I didn't expect this mouse demon to be so persistent! He even dug a tunnel thirty miles from the ruined temple to the county government office and stole the official seal!" County magistrate Wang followed the direction of the ruined temple pointed by Chen Wenqing, and couldn't help sighing: "This Rat demon, what do you want my official seal for?"

"The monster doesn't have a good thing, but it must be used to do bad things. When I catch it, I will find out after a good question!" Li Youcai said confidently.

"So, please ask the two priests!"

"En." Chen Wenqing frowned slightly, and said: "This place is adjacent to mountains and forests, and the terrain is complicated. If the rat monster escapes, it will be even more difficult to find it. Therefore, we can only seal this place with a formation first, and then Use the Taoism of "pointing the ground into steel" to seal the ground. In this way, the rat monster will be like a turtle in a urn, hard to fly with its wings!"

"However, senior brother. "Fingering to form steel" is a technique of the Shu Dao Academy, and senior brother doesn't know how to do it. What should I do?"

"Hahaha... Don't worry, junior brother. Although I don't know the magic technique of "pointing the earth to form steel", I know the way of "pointing the earth to form steel" talisman!"

After Chen Wenqing finished speaking, he took out the Four Spirits Flag from the back of his backpack, and said to the county magistrate Wang, "Please instruct the yamen servants to place this Four Spirits flag around the ruined temple. Remember, the movements should be gentle and please do not make any noise. So as not to disturb the monsters in the temple."

After waiting for a while, a government servant came to report that the Four Spirit Flags had been inserted around the ruined temple as required, surrounding the entire ruined temple.

"Very good! Now it's time to close the net, I want to see what kind of rat demon dares to steal official seals!"

Chen Wenqing said: "My virtue is God's help, covering the front and back. The blue dragon and the white tiger drive away the demons from the left and right. The red bird leads, and Xuanwu will meet him. The power of heaven helps me, and seals and traps demons!"

"Seal of the Four Spirits, forgive me!"

At this time, four pillars of light lit up around the ruined temple. The beam of light pierces straight into the sky, connects to the sky at the top, geography at the bottom, and connects all around, like a birdcage covering the entire broken mask in the beam of light.

"The five elements of the great road, mutual generation and mutual restraint, the terrain is virtuous, and can carry all things! Patriarch Shenxiao is as urgent as a law, pointing to the earth into steel, order!"

Chen Wenqing held a piece of yellow talisman between his sword fingers. Mysterious runes had already been drawn on the yellow talisman paper. It was true that Chen Wenqing had already drawn it, but he used it directly at this time.

The yellow talisman ignited spontaneously without fire, turning into a golden light and hitting the ground. I saw a golden light flashing on the ground, and the whole ground became hard. Some yamen servants even tried to chop the ground with a sword, and there was a crisp sound of gold and iron clashing!

Chen Wenqing looked at the ruined temple not far away, narrowed his eyes slightly, and said softly.

"The heaven and earth net has been completed!"

"This monster."

"It's hard to fly with wings!"


		