

Huge boulders fell from the sky and hit the dragon!

"Boom"

"Boom"

"Boom"

The huge boulders fell into the Poyang River, splashing the sky. After a while, there were already huge boulders standing in the Poyang River, like hills and hills.

"Aww..."

The giant dragon made a sound of dragon chant, avoiding the rocks falling from the sky, but the countless rocks were like rain at this time, and it was impossible to hide at all. Soon the dragon was hit by the boulder, hit its tail, and dyed Poyang red river water.

The falling rocks blocked the water of Poyang River, and pressed Jiaolong under the ground of the rocks, and he could no longer see his figure.

"Flame Formation - Forgiveness!"

Chen Wenqing was pinching his fingers and chanting a mantra. Hundreds of yellow talismans stood side by side in the sky, and each talisman was burning with orange-red flames, densely packed as if to burn the entire sky!

"Fire oil, get ready!"

As soon as Chen Wenqing finished speaking, Zhang Qian, Li Youcai and the yamen servants threw a tube of kerosene on the rock that was suppressing Jiaolong and broke it. Fire oil flowed down the cracks in the rocks.

Under the rock, the entire body of the Jiaolong was already covered with kerosene.

"go!"

With a wave of Chen Wenqing's sword, hundreds of flaming talismans fell across the sky, and the entire mountain and rocks and the surface of the Poyang River turned into a sea of ​​flames!

"Aw... woo..."

The shrill sound of the dragon came out from under the pile of rocks, the rocks suppressing the dragon also vibrated, and the roar of the dragon became weaker and weaker.

After a cup of tea, the rocks became completely quiet, and the vibration stopped.

"It looks like it's burned to death!"

Chen Wenqing felt relieved when he saw that the Jiaolong below had stopped moving.

Immediately felt the tingling pain in the meridians, and the dantian was empty, and could no longer support it, and fell from the sky.

At this time, a heavenly horse drawn with brush and ink flew out of the scroll, stepped on the clouds to catch Chen Wenqing's falling body, and fell down.

"Senior Brother, Senior Brother, are you okay?!" Li Youcai looked at the unconscious Chen Wenqing and said anxiously.

"Junior Brother Chen should have just lost his strength and passed out. He should be fine!" Zhang Qian stepped forward to check and said to Li Youcai.

After repeated battles, everyone was exhausted physically and mentally. Seeing that Jiaolong had stopped moving, they all relaxed their minds and did not carefully check the situation under the boulder.

With his back facing the direction of the Poyang River, Li Youcai felt the emptiness of the aura in Chen Wenqing's meridians, and was about to take out the Qi Gathering Pill and feed it to Chen Wenqing.

at this time.

A trident flew out of the pile of rocks, as fast as lightning, and stabbed towards Li Youcai's back, but Li Youcai didn't seem to notice it at this time.

"Be careful!"

Wei Zheng felt a thorn in his back and looked back.

Seeing a golden trident coming to Li Youcai's back, he couldn't help but scream, but Li Youcai had no time to dodge it.

"Pfft!"

There was a muffled sound like a sword entering his body.

Li Youcai felt drops of warm liquid dripping down his face. The liquid seemed to have a bloody smell.

Soon, the liquid flowed more and more, and Li Youcai's eyes had turned into a blood-red world.

"Old Wei!"

Li Youcai let out a mournful cry. Looking back, he saw Wei Zheng blocking Li Youcai with his body. A golden trident was inserted into Wei Zheng's chest and passed through his chest. Warm and bright red blood was flowing from the tip of the trident.

"Old Wei...you..." Li Youcai's voice was choked up, as if he couldn't believe everything in front of him.

"Cough...cough...cough..."

Wei Zheng coughed violently, his gray beard and hair turned silvery in an instant, and his voice became weak.

Wei Zheng's face was pale at this time, and his forehead was covered with cold sweat. Enduring great pain, he smiled at Li Youcai, and spoke intermittently.

"Boy, you...are a good material for Confucianism. It's just...almost confident..."

"Old man... a person who has been half buried in the earth, this life... has nothing to ask for. This battle... if... can kill this evildoer, this life... will have no regrets!"

"Chen Xiaodao, in the future... the achievements are limitless... It's a pity that I am not a Confucianist..."

After Wei Zheng finished speaking, there was no more life left.

"Do not!"

Li Youcai's face was covered with blood and tears, and he roared loudly.


On the mountain stones.

A big man vomited blood, his body was pitch black, he stood on the rock with his hands, and forced himself to stand.

"Monster, die!"

Zhang Qian saw that Jiaolong was seriously injured, but he was not dead yet, so he raised his knife to kill him.

"when!"

"when!"

"when!"

Zhang Qian raised his saber and chopped down the dragon that had turned into a human body, making the sound of gold and iron intersecting.

"It's useless! This god has already turned into a dragon, invulnerable to swords and guns, how can you be hurt by ordinary iron like you!"

"What's more, you have very little Xuanling Qi left, you can't kill this god today!"

Jiaolong backed away, and laughed loudly: "Ants! I will not die today, but tomorrow will be your death!"

After finishing speaking, he jumped into the Poyang River.

Seeing this, Zhang Qian stepped on the Poyang River and chased after him with a knife.

Li Youcai was deeply saddened at this moment, he gently put Wei Zheng on the ground, and bowed deeply.

"Old Wei, I'll come as soon as I go!"

"Don't worry, he can't run away!"

The water of the Poyang River was cut off by the "block formation", and the water level in the downstream became very low. Therefore, if Jiaolong wanted to escape, he could only go upstream.

Li Youcai no longer participated in the battle between Zhang Qian and Jiaolong. He came to the Taima Bridge upstream alone, took down the "Dragon Slaying Sword" hanging under the bridge, and stood on the mountain watching the big battle not far away.

"Hahaha...Ants are just ants, let your organs count them out, and you can't do anything about it!"

The big man who turned into a dragon was not afraid of the steel knife in Zhang Qian's hand, and sneered.

Zhang Qian is not in a good condition at this time, his meridians and the mysterious spirit energy in his dantian are exhausted, so he can only try his best to maintain standing on the river, and he has no way to take the dragon!

"I'm going! In a few days, when I recover from my injuries, I will definitely swallow all the people and animals in Poyang County!"

"Hahaha…"

The big man ignored Zhang Qian and walked on the waves, heading upstream to Taima Bridge.

Holding the dragon-slaying sword in his hand, Li Youcai looked at the middle-aged man walking against the waves on the Poyang River, and said, "You killed Old Wei. Therefore, you must die!"

"It's up to you?!"

The big man laughed and said: "You all are like ants, but what you say is brazen!"

"Especially you! Wearing a Taoist uniform, you can't even use Taoism, and you can't use Confucianism in a mess."

"Fat head and big ears, stupid as a pig. Now you dare to block the way of the god, do you think you are a sword repairer with a sword?"

"Don't think that this god is seriously injured, anyone can come over and take care of it. Even if this god puts his head here, you can't cut it off!"

The big man dismissed Li Youcai and continued to walk upstream.

He had to escape from this place as soon as possible, otherwise, if other human monks appeared, he might really die.

"You beast, die!"

Hearing this, Li Youcai jumped up from Taima Bridge, drew his sword and cut down.

Seeing this, the big man snorted and let out a cold snort: "If you want to seek death, then swallow you up first, and let's talk after recovering some vitality."

After finishing speaking, he turned into a flood dragon and opened his bloody mouth to swallow Li Youcai.

"Clang!"

Li Youcai pulled out the dragon-slaying sword, Jiaolong felt a flash of light flashing in front of his eyes, as if he saw a phantom, in which a real dragon was decapitated by the dragon-slaying sword and a sword owl.

"This is?!"

Jiaolong turned pale with shock and wanted to transform into a human form. But a golden light came out from the Dragon Slaying Sword, which nailed the dragon in place and could not move.

At this time, Jiaolong had already seen the sword light in the phantom light up, and the sword light was already cutting towards his head.

Vaguely, he saw three large characters in the light of the sword.

"Dragon Slaying Sword!"

"Hey!"

Jiaolong only felt a pain in his head and neck, and a huge head flew out, blood spattered three feet high from his head and neck.

Jiaolong's eyes darkened, and there was only one thought in his head at this moment.

"My God, I'm still being careless!"

at this time.

The sky was bright, the clouds cleared and the rain cleared.

Li Youcai stood on the Taima Bridge with the Dragon Slaying Sword in one hand and Jiaolong's head in the other.

With tears in his eyes, Li Youcai looked at the receding Poyang River and said:

"Old Wei, I have avenged you!"


		