

There are too many monsters.

Even though Chen Wenqing has clairvoyance, it is not so easy to find the head monster who is manipulating everything among tens of thousands of monsters.

Chen Wenqing's spiritual power is very limited, and her physical condition is not very good. I saw that the eyes of the sky were open, and the divine light emitted did not last long, and the spiritual power was exhausted.

Therefore, Chen Wenqing closed his eyes, turned his head and smiled at the people of Fulu Taoist Academy behind him.

Chen Wenqing stuck the Dragon Slaying Sword into the ground and sat on the yellow sand, panting heavily.

"Can you fight again?"

"If you can help me stop the time for another cup of tea, after I recover some spiritual power, I will be sure to repel the monsters..."

When Cheng Jiaoyu heard this, he laughed loudly and said, "Wen Qing, just recover your spiritual power, we will help you carry it at this time!"

"Junior brother, please rest assured! Unless we are dead, I guarantee that there will be no monsters to disturb within a cup of tea!"

Li Youcai did not speak, but walked up to Chen Wenqing, pulled out the dragon-slaying sword stuck in the ground, and blocked Chen Wenqing behind him.

"Okay! I'll leave it to everyone for that time!"

Chen Wen please pour out five spirit demons from the storage bag and stuff them directly into his mouth. Gobbled up the elixir directly and swallowed it.

Immediately afterwards, holding a spirit stone in each of the left and right hands, the mind fell silent, and tried its best to run the "Shangqing Lingbao Manual".

Chen Wenqing was submerged underground for more than ten days by the wind and sand, and the spiritual power in her golden core and meridians had already dried up.

Even the fleshy body has become firmer under the heavy pressure, like steel. Although it looks fragile, the fleshy body has improved several times compared to before.

Therefore, when Chen Wenqing swallowed the elixir and circulated the "Shangqing Lingbao Sutra", the dried up golden elixir and meridians quickly filled up like rain after a long drought.

The spiritual power and medicinal power contained in the elixir also continuously nourished Chen Wenqing's physical body, making his muscles and bones stronger.

Previously.

Chen Wenqing has cultivated into the Buddhist secret "Fudo Ming Wang's Fury", in fact, Chen Wenqing's physical body has become much stronger.

However, the physical body that cultivates "Fudo Ming Wang's Wrath" is more than hard, but still lacks a bit of toughness.

After more than ten days, the physical body under the constant pressure under the yellow sand has become full of resilience.

The aura in Chen Wenqing's meridians was like a great river, surging and converging into the golden core, and the golden core devoured the aura greedily like a black hole.

Originally, Chen Wenqing, as a five-element miscellaneous spiritual root physique, absorbed spiritual energy extremely slowly.

However, after this incident, I suddenly discovered that my physical body and meridians have become more compatible with spiritual energy, and even the speed of absorbing spiritual energy has increased by more than five times!

Chen Wenqing urged the exercises with all his strength, and he didn't dare to delay for a moment. He knew very well that his teachings and his brothers were in a bloody battle.

He increased the speed of the exercise to the extreme, and the spiritual power in the meridians entered the golden core like rivers flowing into the sea.

"what..."

Chen Wenqing let out a long cry, and saw that he squeezed his hands hard, and the gray spirit stone in his hands had lost all aura, and turned into powder with a pinch.

A celestial eye with vertical pupils opened, exuding endless majesty. The divine light in the celestial eye was shining, with the power of thunder, crackling.

"Monster, get out of here!"

Chen Wenqing jumped up and stood in front of the people in Fulu Taoist Academy. Relying only on the strength of his body, he rushed into the monster, and with one palm and one punch, he repelled the siege.

"You have money, and you take everyone back behind me!"

"Next, let me do it!"

With Chen Wenqing's mind moving, the dragon-slaying sword in Li Youcai's hand came out and turned into a stream of light, piercing through the monsters around everyone one by one, and finally fell into Chen Wenqing's hands.

With the dragon-slaying sword in hand, Chen Wenqing suddenly felt heroic.

"You Cai, this is a storage bag. There are enough elixir and spirit stones in it. You should restore your spiritual power as soon as possible."

"Today, I

Let's kill! "

"I want to sacrifice the sword with the blood of demons!"

Chen Wenqing threw the storage bag to Li Youcai, without further ado, he raised his sword and rushed into the group of monsters.

As for the head monster who was secretly manipulating all this behind the scenes, Chen Wenqing didn't care about it for the time being.

Finding the head monster in a torrent of monsters is like finding a needle in a haystack, so it's better to be more direct and start killing!

As long as enough people are killed, and the group of monsters killed is terrified, then the group of monsters will retreat sooner or later.

What's more, Chen Wenqing has experienced so much, he has already understood a truth.

"No matter how many conspiracies and tricks, in the face of absolute strength, they are just paper tigers!"

"I will use the blood of these monsters to sharpen my dragon-slaying sword!"

Chen Wenqing's sword is like a dragon, and his swordsmanship has become more simple and neat. There is no extra movement in each sword, and it does not consume extra spiritual power. The pursuit of killing with one sword!

When the sword light is shining, it is the time when the monster dies.

Just do it!

Chen Wenqing entered the flock of sheep like a tiger, covered with golden light all over his body, it was the blessing of the golden light magic spell after the breakthrough, combined with Chen Wenqing's powerful physical strength and the sharp power of the dragon-slaying sword, there was no match for him!

Now, all the demons are like headless chickens without the big demon in the Out of Aperture Realm sitting in command. Rather than saying that the demons besieged Chen Wenqing. It would be better to say that Chen Wenqing is like chasing ducks, the monsters dodge wherever they pass, and no monster dares to resist its edge head-on!

Chen Wenqing practiced her sword skills in the battle, stabbing and slashing, picking and touching became more round and smooth, and she moved as she wanted, just like chopping melons and vegetables...

certainly.

Manpower is sometimes poor.

With so many monsters, Chen Wenqing alone cannot kill them.

Therefore, while Chen Wenqing was slaughtering the monsters, he was also carefully observing the movements of the group of monsters.

He found a very strange feature, that is, the monsters in the front left, whether they are besieging or retreating, react faster and more sensitively than the monsters in other directions.

In this way, there is only one explanation.

It shows that the leader behind the scenes who controls this group of monsters must be in the front left.

Chen Wenqing kept his composure, and still slaughtered the surging monsters with one sword after another, but secretly focused most of his attention on the area in front left.

finally.

Chen Wenqing discovered a clue!

The five monsters at the peak of the Blood Demon Realm did not attack Chen Wenqing, but surrounded a wolf demon tightly, as if they were going to protect the wolf demon.

Chen Wenqing's eyebrows and sky eyes slightly opened, but she didn't notice any difference in the wolf demon guarding in the middle.

It seemed that he was just a blood demon of the seventh-grade blood refinement realm. Among hundreds of thousands of monsters, he was really the most inconspicuous existence.

only.

Such an inconspicuous wolf demon is surrounded by five monsters at the peak of the blood demon realm.

This is the most obvious flaw!

"Finally found you!"

Under the clairvoyance of Tianyan, Chen Wenqing unexpectedly discovered that it was not the wolf monster itself that manipulated the monsters, but a small banner stuck on the wolf monster.

The whole body of the small banner is dark black, with the words "recruiting demons" written on it, and streams of black energy are constantly coming out of the small banner.

Moreover, when Chen Wenqing's consciousness touched Xiaofan's body, Xiaofan felt a familiar wave of spiritual power.

“Taniyasu?!”

Chen Wenqing suddenly realized that it turned out that Gu Jing used this "monster recruiting banner" to attract countless monsters behind him, and wanted to use the hands of monsters to kill people, and planned to eradicate everyone in the Fulu Dao Academy.

"Since I found you! Next, don't even think about running away!"

Chen Wenqing's heart moved, and he slashed out with the dragon-slaying sword in his hand, instantly clearing away the miscellaneous soldiers around him.

"Everyone help me!"

Chen Wenqing stood up in the air and shouted loudly: "Clean up all the monsters in front of me to the left. I have found the source of everything behind me

up! "

As soon as Chen Wenqing finished speaking, all the people in the Fulu Taoist Academy behind him lit up one after another. The talismans contained spiritual powers of gold, wood, water, fire, earth, etc. Confucianism rolled in mid-air, forming a majestic The Sword of Righteousness!

"kill!"

Cheng Jiaoyu threw the talisman in his hand, and it immediately turned into a torrent of flames and fell towards the monster in front of Chen Wenqing's left.

"Great spirit lasts forever, cut!"

The giant sword of Confucianism and Taoism landed like a galaxy from nine heavens, turning the monster on Chen Wenqing's left into fly ash.

With everyone in the Fulu Taoist Academy showing their magical powers, the monsters in front of Chen Wenqing's left were soon more than half empty.

"At this moment!"

With a movement of Chen Wenqing's figure, it turned into an afterimage and swept towards the front left.

at this time.

At the end of the front left, five monsters surround a wolf monster in the middle.

They suddenly heard a sword chant, which seemed to emerge from the depths of the monster's soul, and before they could react, they felt a chill on their necks, and saw five heads flying into the sky...

"These heads seem familiar..."

Before the five monsters had time to react, they fell under Chen Wenqing's sword.

The wolf demon looked at the five big monsters guarding him, and suddenly lost his head, and couldn't help feeling extremely flustered.

Chen Wenqing looked at the wolf demon and didn't say anything to him.

With just one sword strike, the wolf demon immediately slammed down on the spot.

Chen Wenqing pulled out the "Yao Yao Fan" from the wolf demon, and sneered on his face.

"Gu Jing, if you have the ability, let it be clear, don't keep hiding behind, hiding your head and showing your tail."

"The more you behave like this, the more I, Chen Wenqing, look down on you."

finished.

Zhanlongjian let out a dragon chant, and the golden light flashed away.

The "Demon Calling Banner" was broken into two sections and fell into the dust.


		