

"Hahaha…"

The martial arts disciples laughed loudly.

"What is the number one in the outer sect? It will be burned to ashes under my Nanming spiritual fire, I see what you can resist..."

The azure blue flame enveloped Chen Wenqing, and a human-shaped golden light could be vaguely resisted in the flames.

Nanming Linghuo is the fire of congenital gossip, this fire is light blue, burning everything, and it is extremely powerful. It is one of the top ten congenital divine fires, and even the true fire of Samadhi is ranked under Nanming Linghuo .

at this time.

Chen Wenqing's faint voice came from the deep blue flames: "It's too early for you to be complacent, isn't it?"

As soon as the words fell, under the watchful eyes of the disciples of the Martial Dao Academy, the Nanming Spirit Fire seemed to collapse.

Among the azure blue flames, colorful Buddha lights shone, and the sound of Buddha seemed to resound in the sky.

A huge Dharma image of King Ming, bathed in the Nanming spiritual fire, rose up and stood between the heaven and the earth.

The fire of Buddha was burning on King Ming's dharma face, and he was glaring at him, exuding endless majesty.

"You... what is this!"

The disciples of the Martial Arts Institute faced the Buddha Aspect of Fudo Myoyo, which was more than a hundred feet high, and felt the oppressive force from the Amulet, and their hearts were terrified.

"My Buddha is merciful, but there is also King Ming's angry eyes!" Chen Wenqing's Hongda voice resounded through the heaven and earth.

"You colluded with the demon clan and plotted evil, today I am here to eliminate demons and defend the way!"

Chen Wenqing urged Fudo Ming Wang Faxiang, and slapped the disciples of the Martial Arts Institute, like swatting a fly.

"impossible!"

The martial arts disciples trembled all over, they couldn't accept this situation at all!

"You are obviously a disciple of Taoism, why do you know how to learn Buddhism!? You are deceiving the master and destroying the ancestors!"

The Martial Arts Academy disciple screamed hoarsely, as if complaining about the bad luck.

"You are only at the early stage of Jindan, how can you master the supernatural powers that can only be obtained at the out-of-body stage?"

Buddha fire was burning on the image of King Fudo Ming urged by Chen Wenqing, as if to purify all the filth in this world.

"Buddha is the Tao! The exercises that can kill demons and demons are good exercises. I only know that there are good and evil in the world, and there are no sects!"

King Ming Faxiang clapped it with one palm, covering the sky and the sun.

"Frog at the bottom of the well! This is not a world of dharma! This is the wrath of the Buddha's supernatural powers!"

The disciples of the Martial Arts Institute seemed to be pinned down by coercion, unable to escape at all.

"Hold me!"

The disciples of the Martial Dao Academy stretched out their hands towards the sky, trying in vain to use their flesh and blood to forcibly shake the thousand-foot-tall King Ming Faxiang.

"It's simply overreaching, a mantis' arm is like a car!"

Chen Wenqing mobilized his spiritual power, King Ming Faxiang's palm was invincible, and he slapped the Martial Arts Academy disciple under him.

"what…"

Under the giant palm.

The martial arts disciple let out a scream.

"Chen Wenqing, don't be complacent! Once you enter the Demon Town Tower, you will die, Master Xi will avenge me..."

When Chen Wenqing heard this, his face sank like water, and the burning Buddha fire on his giant palm did not diminish. With all his strength, the disciple of the Martial Arts Institute only had time to say a word, and the ashes disappeared, leaving no bones left.

With Chen Wenqing's current cultivation base, even with all his strength, "Fudo Ming Wang's Wrath" can only last for a stick of incense.

so.

After finishing off the disciples of the Martial Dao Academy, Chen Wenqing raced against the clock, not daring to delay turning his Dharma body to kill the two-tailed demon fox.

at this time.

Li Youcai was covered in blood and was in extremely poor condition, but he still persisted.

"Junior brother, get out of the way! Let me deal with this evil beast!"

Chen Wenqing's mind moved, and the Buddha's light in the eyes of Faxiang, the Fudoming King, stretched out a giant hand and grabbed the fox demon.

"Monster, die!"

A golden light shot out from Chen Wenqing's sky eyes, and the golden light carried the power of thunder, hitting the demon fox.

The demon fox suddenly became paralyzed all over, unable to lift anyone up.

demon power.

"Monster, you dare to hurt my junior brother, and you will be turned into a monster today!"

The giant hand held the fox demon tightly, and soon the Buddha fire lit the hair on the fox demon's body and burned it up...

"Squeak..."

The fox demon turned into a real form under the burning of the Buddha fire, making a painful creaking sound...

After a while, there was no breath, obviously dead.

Seeing this, Chen Wenqing immediately released Fudo Mingwang's form and returned to his original body.

at this time.

A stabbing pain came from Chen Wenqing's mind, and she couldn't help but staggered, almost unable to stand still.

"Fudo Ming-o's method is really powerful, but it consumes too much spiritual energy..."

Chen Wenqing felt the exhaustion of the spiritual power in the golden core at this time, and her body felt weak for a while. It seemed that it would last three to five days, so don't try to slow down.

"Junior brother, our spiritual power has been exhausted after repeated battles. This place is full of blood, and it is easy to provoke other monsters!"

"Quickly adjust your breath for a moment, leave as soon as possible..."

Chen Wenqing dug out Qi Pill and Tiancai Dibao from the storage bag, and handed them to Li Youcai.

Like old cows grazing grass, the two swallowed the wind and clouds, and quickly recovered their spiritual power.

"Brother, how do we go next?"

Li Youcai's face turned pale, he lost a lot of blood, and there were fine beads of sweat on his forehead.

"Don't worry about it, let's talk about it after leaving here..."

Chen Wenqing didn't know the direction, and supported Li Youcai to walk forward.

Slowly, the two disappeared into the hazy night.


		