

The Nine-Character Mantra Sealing Demon Formation imprisoned the centipede's mana, and the centipede could only watch helplessly as Chen Wenqing stabbed himself with the sword.

The centipede spirit has a body as hard as steel, but it is also as fragile as an eggshell under the blade of the Dragon Slaying Sword, vulnerable to a single blow.

The centipede spirit finally disappeared, turned into flying ash and dissipated in the air, leaving only a demon pill, shining with a gray light.

"The goblin is finally dead! Fortunately, the preparations are complete, otherwise the consequences will be really unpredictable!"

Li Youcai fell from mid-air, and withdrew the mana from the nine-character mantra to seal the demon formation, and the nine beams of light also disappeared.

Although there are nine spirit stones in the ground as the eyes of the formation, in order to activate the operation of the nine-character mantra to seal the magic formation, Li Youcai was exhausted enough!

"Brother, are you alright? This time is really too dangerous. If the centipede is not too careless, he will definitely be able to see through Brother Li's magic trick!"

Xiao Huihui also came to Chen Wenqing's side, touching Chen Wenqing up and down, for fear that Chen Wenqing would get hurt.

Chen Wenqing also let out a long breath when he heard the words, and said with a relaxed smile: "It's really dangerous, but luckily we are the ones who won in the end."

"Brother!"

Xiao Huihui was silent for a moment, then raised her head and said, "Since it is so dangerous, why do we have to take risks again and again? Grandpa once said to Xiao Huihui that the world is difficult, and the most important thing is to live ..."

Chen Wenqing patted Xiao Huihui's head, and said seriously: "What your grandfather said certainly makes sense. However, everyone's way is different."

"Brother once heard a sentence from a sage, and I also think it makes sense. Today, I will also give this sentence to Xiao Huihui."

Xiao Huihui asked: "What are you talking about?"

"If you are rich, you will benefit the world; if you are poor, you will benefit yourself alone!"

Xiao Huihui scratched her head and said, "Xiao Huihui doesn't understand..."

"One day, Xiao Huihui, you will understand!"

Chen Wenqing smiled, looked at the setting sun in the distance, and said lightly: "The world does not work hard because of beauty, but it becomes better because of hard work!"

The evening wind blows.

The smell of fireworks from thousands of lights wafts in the air.

Li Youcai quietly looked at Chen Wenqing's back from the side, thoughtfully...

at this time.

Between the sky and the earth, the rising starlight gathered towards Chen Wenqing's body like fireflies, getting brighter and brighter.

"Brother, does this seem to be the power of merit?" Li Youcai asked.

Chen Wenqing silently felt the power of merit that had submerged into her soul, and said: "I never thought that killing the evil beast this time would also have the power of merit. It seems that this evildoer has done too much evil..."

This is not the first time Chen Wenqing has obtained the power of merit.

However, so far he has not figured out what the power of merit is.

However, although Chen Wenqing did not understand how to use the power of merit, at least having the power of merit is not a bad thing.

Therefore, Chen Wenqing didn't get too entangled.

"Brother, this is the demon pill of that big centipede." Xiao Huihui handed a demon pill to Chen Wenqing and said.

Chen Wenqing took the gray demon pill and said: "The demon pill is rare, so let's put it away. Maybe it will be of great use in the future!"

At this time.

Xiao Huihui said: "That's right! Brother, I found a formation restriction in a side hall of Chanyin Temple, but after I went in and looked around, I didn't find anything unusual."

"Oh?" Chen Wenqing was very interested.

"This demon monk is old and cunning, and he will definitely not do meaningless things. Where is the side hall? Take me there to have a look."

then.

Xiao Huihui led Chen Wenqing to a room in a side hall of Chanyin Temple, "This is it! This room has a formation restriction..."

"Break the barrier!"

Chen Wenqing circulated his mana, and a golden light shot out from the center of his eyebrows and his sky eyes, breaking the restriction immediately, and stepped into the house.

Everyone looked around and found nothing special as Xiao Huihui said.

"wrong!"

Chen Wenqing stared at the statue of King Fudo in the altar in front of him, thinking for a moment.

"That evildoer can't do meaningless things! Apart from this shrine, there is only one statue of Fudo Myo in this room."

"Just now I checked with my heavenly eyes, and there is no secret in this altar."

"Then, the secret must be on this statue of Fudo Myo..."

Li Youcai took the Fudo Mingwang statue out of the altar, put it on the altar and looked at it carefully.

"Senior Brother, I didn't find anything wrong with this Immovable Pluto statue?" Li Youcai looked at it for a long time, but didn't find any clues.

Fudo Mingwang is the first seat of the Eight Great Mingkings of Buddhism. He has the meaning of being able to sweep away obstacles when encountering any difficulties, and does not mean to be shaken.

Fudo Mingwang often shows angry images, so that the evil spirits that harass all living beings will be afraid and far away, so that all living beings will not be shaken on the road of practice and bodhicitta.

Chen Wenqing was puzzled because there were so many Buddha statues in Chanyin Temple, but this Fudo Myoko statue alone was placed in this small niche and protected by prohibition.

All this is obviously not normal.

However, Chen Wenqing used his celestial clairvoyance to look at this Buddha statue, but he didn't find anything unusual.

"Brother, have you noticed anything unusual?"

Li Youcai saw that Chen Wenqing was staring at the statue of King Fudo Ming without moving for a long time, so he asked.

"There is nothing unusual about this King Ming statue!" Chen Wenqing said.

"However, no abnormality is the biggest abnormality!"

Chen Wenqing sat down cross-legged, and even chanted the secret Buddhist mantra to King Fudo Ming, stunned Li Youcai and Xiao Huihui next to him for a moment.

"Brother actually knows Buddhist exercises?" Xiao Huihui looked at Li Youcai in surprise and asked.

"Little Huihui, what do you see me doing? I only found out today."

Li Youcai suddenly felt that he couldn't understand his senior brother more and more.

Whenever Li Youcai thought he knew Chen Wenqing well, he found that Chen Wenqing would definitely refresh his understanding of him.

"Let's watch quietly, don't disturb senior brother!" Li Youcai finished speaking to Xiao Huihui in a low voice, and then sat down cross-legged with Chen Wenqing.

at this time.

The room suddenly became quiet, only the voice of Chen Wenqing chanting a mantra was heard.

"Fudoming King's heart curse: "What's wrong with the three-maned man? "

"King Fudoming cast a spell: Nangmasti, Svasti, Susti, Siddikara, Rayagyuyan, Sanmasyri, Ajamasti, Savaha... This is not right either!"

"Fudoming King Fire Realm Mantra: Namo Safu Tatanadi Piyao, Safu Mu Qipi Medicine, Safuta, Juraja, Zanna, Mahalusana, Safuwei Jinnan, Hum ...that's not right either!"


If there were people from the Buddhist sect here, they would definitely understand that Chen Wenqing was reciting the mantra of King Ming to this King Fudo at this time.

Chen Wenqing recited the King Ming mantra that he had mastered in his previous life one by one.

At this time, he had a strong premonition that unlocking the secret of Fudo Myoko's statue should be within the Fudo Myoko Curse.

As for which King Ming curse is the secret to finally unlock the statue of Fudo Ming King, it can only be known by trying them one by one.

"No! No! Why isn't it right?"

Chen Wenqing had already recited all the Fudo Myoyo mantras at this time, but found that the Fudo Myoko statue in front of him still hadn't changed in any way.

"Perhaps, it's not the Fudo Myoka Curse that unlocks the secret in the Fudo Myoko Statue?" Chen Wenqing had a flash of inspiration.

"In that case, try another spell!"

Thinking of this, Chen Wenqing readjusted her mentality and recalled the spells she learned in her previous life.

"Vajrasattva Heart Mantra Mantra: Om Banjal Satva Hum...No!"

"The Mantra of Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva: Om, Baza, Hey, Om, Baza, Zhanza, Mahalurha Na Hum Hey...not right either!

"Six-Syllable Mantra: Om Mani Padme Hum..."

at this time!

The "Six-Character Daming Mantra" recited by Chen Wenqing: "Om... Well... Well... Pa... Me... Hum

The six characters turned into golden incantations one after another, and landed on the statue of Fudo Myoko, who seemed to wake up.

The statue of Fudo Mingwang rose with colorful Buddha light, and the mouth of the statue of Mingwang actually began to recite a mysterious scripture.

The scriptures are kept secret. Of the three people present, only Chen Wenqing could hear them.

Like a divine thought, it directly empowered Chen Wenqing.

Fascinated.

A Buddhist scripture appeared in the soul space, like the light of Buddha.

Chen Wenqing looked at a few big golden characters on this scripture.

"Fudo Mingo Fury"


		