

"Master Li is too polite, please rest assured that this matter is on our shoulders. No matter what monsters or ghosts are causing trouble, we will find him out."

"Yes, yes. Li Dashan's reputation is far and wide, and he shouldn't have suffered this calamity. It is our duty to find the murderer for Master Li!"

"Master Li, please rest assured, I will do my best..."


Chen Wenqing didn't say a word, seeing that the deserted hall was already bustling with activity, she thought to herself, "Sure enough, money can turn ghosts around."

Master Li nodded when he heard the words, and said: "In that case, everyone, please follow me. Help the old man palm his eyes and see what evil spirits are behind it!"

After speaking, he brought everyone to the side hall.

In the side hall, seven corpses were parked and covered with white cloth. Due to the hot and dry weather, there was already a faint smell of corpses permeating the air.

Master Li looked at the corpses, with a sad face, cloudy eyes, tears flashing, and said with a choked voice: "My son, grandson, daughter, son-in-law... are all here. Please help Let's see what demons and ghosts are doing. Let me be old, and the white-haired man will give the black-haired man!"

When everyone heard the words, they lifted the shroud one after another, and for a while, the stench of the corpse became stronger.

"Strange, so strange..."

"Yes, there is no visible wound on the body..."

"There are no traces of ghosts either!"

"However, the death conditions are so tragic, as if they have encountered such a frightening thing."

After about a stick of incense, everyone still didn't find anything, and they all shook their heads and stood aside. At this time, the atmosphere became more dull and cold, and the disappointment on Master Li's face became more and more serious.

At this time, Chen Wenqing took two steps forward, looking around, there were corpses in front of him, and he really didn't see any clues.

"No discovery is the greatest discovery. All the dead were terrified, and they must have experienced great fear during their lifetime. If this is the case, then only..."

Chen Wenqing silently ran the "Shangqing Lingbao Sutra" to gather the spiritual energy in her whole body between her eyebrows, and then a soft drink sounded in the side hall.

"Sky eyes, open!"

A vertical pupil opened from between the eyebrows, and a golden light radiated from the pupil, shining on the rows of corpses.

"Sky Eye! It turned out to be the legendary Sky Eye!"

"It turns out that this is the eye of the sky. I was lucky enough to see it today."

"He has heavenly eyes at such a young age, he is truly a genius in Taoism!"

The deserted atmosphere in the crowd suddenly became lively. Everyone looked at the sky eyes between Chen Wenqing's brows, all showing curiosity and jealousy.

Wherever the eye of the sky passes, there is nothing to hide. Soon, Chen Wenqing discovered the clues.

"What is this?" Under the illumination of Chen Wenqing's sky eyes, a trace of gray-black air evaporated from each corpse, but dissipated around the corpse.

"What is this gray and black air? Even the sky's eyes are helpless?"

Chen Wenqing was surprised to find that there was nothing he could do about the aura that was not a demon, a ghost, a stiff, or a demon in the eyes of the sky!

At this time, the tall and thin Taoist came over and said, "Qingfeng, the poor Taoist, has met fellow Taoist Chunyang! I was really rude before, and I don't know the real face." Qingfeng, the tall and thin Taoist, continued: "I want fellow Taoist Chunyang to I learned that this strands of gray and black qi can be called "evil qi"!"

"Evil spirit?"

"Yes. This is evil spirit, that is to say, these seven people were all harmed by "evil spirit"!"

It was the first time Chen Wenqing heard about evil things, and asked in surprise: "What is evil?"

"It's evil. It's not a demon, it's not a ghost, it's not a stiff, it's not a demon. Evil is a mixture of extremely powerful resentment, hatred, despair and other emotions, gathered together through a strong mind before death."

"Over the years, the evil has become stronger and stronger, and finally it can produce spiritual wisdom. This spiritual wisdom is called evil!"

"Evil spirits remember all the pain they suffered during their lifetime. Revenge is almost the obsession of evil spirits. Now, it is clear that Mr. Li's family has suffered revenge from evil spirits. That can only show that many years ago, Mr. Li must have Did something unspeakable."

Hearing the words, Mr. Li showed a look of panic, and said loudly: "Impossible! Absolutely impossible! They are already dead. I have seen it with my own eyes, and it is absolutely correct! I have never heard of any bullshit."

Chen Wenqing saw that Master Li seemed to be in a state of madness, with a look of disbelief.

Seeing this, the tall and thin Taoist Qingfeng said, "Master Li, since this matter is evil, then I will take my leave first. I can't deal with evil things, and poor Taoists will not accept them."

"It turned out to be evil. I said why can't I see the clue. Since it is evil, then I also give up. Evil cannot be eliminated."

"Evil is too terrifying, too mysterious! If one is bad, it may be lost forever. I dare not accept this matter. I am afraid that I will die to take this money, and spend it!"

Everyone shook their heads, bid farewell to Mr. Li and left the side hall.

"Alas..." Master Li sat down on the rattan chair beside him, and said absentmindedly: "Heaven reincarnates, retribution is not good! Sure enough, good and evil will be rewarded in the end, it's not that there is no retribution, the time has not yet come! "

Chen Wenqing walked up to Master Li and stood still, and said: "Master Li, tell me about your past, how did this evil come about. Pindao came down this time to solve the problem and complete the task. It's not for gold, silver and jewels, so I hope Master Li will not hesitate to speak out."

Master Li looked up and found that there were still people who hadn't left. Like grabbing a life-saving straw, he held Chen Wenqing's hand tightly and said, "Xiao Daoist, you must save me and my family! No matter what you want Whatever gold, silver and treasure, I can find a way to satisfy you."

"Mr. Li, I want to know how this evil came about. I am not interested in gold and silver treasures."

Mr. Li put down Chen Wenqing's hand in a slumped manner, and said, "Okay! Since you are only willing to make a move if you let me speak clearly, then let me talk about it."

Looking at the seven corpses in front of him, Master Li's eyes blurred, as if he had returned to that night thirty-eight years ago.

"That was thirty-eight years ago. At that time, I was not the Li Dashan I am today, but a green forest bandit who made a living by looting houses. Later, because I was wanted by the Yamen, I escaped and came to Beiting County."

"At that time, there was also a great benevolent man in Beiting County, named Zhang Tong."

"Zhang Tong has been a merchant for generations. He made his fortune with cloth, salt and iron. He is the richest man in Beiting County. I was seriously injured when I escaped, and I was taken in by Zhang Dashan by chance."

"In this way, I stayed in Zhang Dashan's family for two years. Two years later, I became Zhang Dashan's housekeeper. Only then did I realize how incredible the Zhang family's wealth is, how amazing it is, so amazing that I will be relieved All thanks!"

"So, by chance, I contacted my brother who used to be a Green Forest Bandit again, and wanted to plan..."

When Chen Wenqing heard this, she probably understood what was going to happen next.

So, he interrupted what he was going to say, and said: "So, next, you will join forces with the bandits to kill Zhang Dashan's family and take away Zhang Dashan's family property. Then, you will change from a criminal bandit to a criminal. Li Dashan, who is praised by everyone today? Is that right or not?"

Hearing the words, Master Li's face turned pale, he nodded and said, "You're right! I thought this matter was done, but in the end, something evil happened..."

As soon as the words fell, a flash of lightning flashed in the courtyard.

A gust of bone-chilling wind blew, rattling the shroud in the side pavilion, followed by a cold voice in the side hall.

"My Zhang family has thirty-nine people, how did they die?"

"How did my unborn child die?"

"My Zhang family doesn't even have a whole body."

"I can't be a ghost! I can't be a demon! I can't be a zombie! I almost have no chance of revenge, so I can only be an evil!"

"You suppress me! Seal me! Kill me! But, I still came out!

"I came out, today you will die!"

"I am evil, the immortal evil!"


		