

The golden light flashed away like a crescent moon, exuding a murderous aura, as if it was going to freeze the whole world.

Seeing that it was inevitable to avoid it, Pei Feibao immediately mobilized his whole body's mana to hold the bone stick in his hand against the light of the sword.

"break!"

Chen Wenqing yelled loudly, and the aura of the dragon-slaying sword rose sharply. The light of the sword was cold, and the bone staff in Pei Feibao's hand broke from it and fell to the ground.

Pei Feibao stood still, only to see a trace of blood on the center of his brow.

As the mountain wind blew, Pei Feibao's body immediately turned into streaks of dust, dissipating in the sky and the earth, and even the soul couldn't escape from this evil sword.

"call!"

Chen Wenqing panted heavily, her whole body limp on the ground like mud, fine beads of sweat appeared on her forehead, and her face turned pale.

"The dragon-slaying sword technique is so terrifying. Just this one move has exhausted all the mana in my body! No wonder I couldn't practice this sword no matter what before I was in the golden core state!"

Feeling the empty spiritual power in the golden core, Chen Wenqing couldn't help but feel lucky that she chose the dragon-slaying sword technique!

"This may be a sword technique that transcends the world! This sword technique is too terrifying. After one strike, you will have no power to fight again. Unless you are at the end of the road, don't use it lightly!"

Chen Wenqing took the Xingqi Pill and silently recovered his mana.

at this time.

Li Youcai had already wiped out the disciples of the Witch Gu Sect in sevens and eighties, and the remaining disciples of the Witch Gu Sect scattered like birds and beasts.

"Junior brother, don't chase after the poor!" Chen Wenqing recovered a little spiritual power, stood up from the ground and said; "The vice-master of the Witch Gu Sect and all the disciples have been killed, the rest is nothing to fear, just..."

Li Youcai was full of vitality and Confucianism, sweating profusely all over his body, and looked quite tired, after all, it was not so easy to deal with hundreds of followers alone.

"Brother, don't you have any scruples?" Li Youcai took a deep breath and calmed down the boiling spiritual energy all over his body.

Chen Wenqing said: "Today's battle came in a hurry. I planned to set up a formation to lure the Witch Gu Cult into the urn, and take down with one blow. However, I didn't expect the Wu Gu Cult to find us in advance, besides..."

Chen Wenqing looked solemn, "The leader of the Witch Gu Sect has not yet appeared. This person is a mid-stage Jindan monk. It may not be easy to deal with him!"

"What are your plans, brother?"

Chen Wenqing said: "Now you and I are empty of spiritual power, for the sake of safety. The current plan is to find a safe place, recover the spiritual power first, and then discuss it in the long run. Otherwise, if we face the leader of the Witch Gu Sect at this time, we will Wait until there is no power left to fight.”

"Senior brother is right." Li Youcai wiped the sweat off his face, and said, "Bai Qiye is going after the Yin soldiers and ghost generals. Do you want to wait here for a while and wait for Bai Qiye to meet?"

"It doesn't have to be like this," Chen Wenqing said with a smile, "I have a god-given talisman and laws on my body, if Bai Qiye wants to find me, it's easy for me. Let's leave this place as soon as possible, find a safe place, and recover our spiritual power."

"Okay! I'll listen to my brother." Li Youcai said.

Chen Wenqing walked into the cave and said: "Before leaving this place, I still need to get rid of the poisonous Gu in Xiao Huihui's body, and please work hard for my junior brother to protect me and guard the entrance of the cave."


Chen Wenqing circulated the "Shangqing Lingbao Mantra" and swallowed a few more qi-promoting pills. It didn't take long for him to recover some spiritual power, which was enough to cast the "Purification Mantra".

Chen Wenqing straightened Xiao Huihui, put his hand on the vest, and said softly: "Xiao Huihui, I will inject spiritual power into your body later, and run Zhou Tian to find the location of the poisonous Gu. Don't resist."

"Brother, Xiao Huihui knows." Xiao Huihui's face was pale and bloodless, and she was so weak in just a few days.

Chen Wenqing input pure spiritual power into Xiao Huihui's body, and it circulates around the sky. He felt that Xiao Huihui's whole body's blood and spiritual power had been swallowed up by the poisonous Gu, and even his cultivation had regressed a lot.

"How can there be such a vicious witchcraft technique!" Chen Wenqing thought, "This is feeding the poisonous Gu with body energy, so cruel!"

Under the transmission of Chen Wenqing's spiritual power, Xiao Huihui's dry meridians and dantian were like rain and dew, and they were full of vitality.

As for the poisonous Gu, as if smelling fishy and moving maggots, the small gray flesh penetrated into the tendons and swam towards the spiritual energy conveyed by Chen Wenqing.

"coming!"

Chen Wenqing became vigilant and increased the input of spiritual power.

With the input of Chen Wenqing's spiritual power, more and more poisonous Gu poured into the meridians to devour the spiritual energy. Chen Wenqing continued to input until no more poisonous Gu appeared.

"Should attract the poisonous Gu!"

Chen Wenqing said in her heart: "Come on, seal the meridians. Then kill all the poisonous Gu, otherwise Xiao Huihui's life will be lost!"

Sweat dripped down Chen Wenqing's cheeks, and he swallowed a few more Qi Xing Pills, and then mobilized his whole body's mana to recite the incantation.

"The majesty of the heavens and the earth, destroy the evil spirits."

"Six Yis help each other, the way of heaven praises virtue."

"I believe in what I do, and there is no attack."

"Hurry up like a law! Seal the evil formation, forgive me!"

Chen Wenqing's whole body released a golden light of great light, and the spiritual power sent into Xiao Huihui's body also had a golden brilliance, quickly sealing Xiao Huihui's entire meridians.

Inside the Xiaohuihui meridians.

The poisonous Gu, as tiny as dust, wanted to scatter and escape like frightened birds and beasts.

However, Xiao Huihui's meridians at this time have already been coated with a layer of golden light. The golden light protects the meridians, no matter how sharp the poisonous gu's mouthparts are, it cannot break through this golden light.

Poison Gu has been trapped in the meridians.

"There's only one last step left!"

Chen Wenqing took a deep breath, calmed down, and felt the exhaustion from the soul.

Although.

It took only a short moment to seal the meridians just now, but he was more exhausted than a battle.

After all, meridians are very fragile.

If one is not careful, Xiao Huihui's life will be in danger.

"Heaven and earth are boundless, and the universe borrows the law", Chen Wenqing recited the incantation of the fire prison seal with all his attention, intending to use the "two ignorance true fire" to burn the poisonous gu.

"The fire is raging and the wind is turning into a prison."

"The snake coils and the turtle walks away, and the thunder strikes the lightning."

"The earth is dark and the sky is dark, and the universe is changing."

"The sky and the earth are nets, and they will always be bound by the constitution of heaven."

"Director of Thunder and Fire, Senlie Tunlian."

"Marshal Tianpeng, be as urgent as a law! Two ignorance is true fire, forgive me!"

The aura that Chen Wenqing had input into Xiao Huihui's body at this time became hot instantly, and was ignited in an instant, turning into fire dragons, roaring in the meridians and rushing towards the poisonous Gu.

"Zi..."

"Zi..."

"Zi..."


The poisonous Gu has no power to resist under the scorching fire of duality, it immediately turns into dust and disappears.

"puff!"

Xiao Huihui opened her eyes suddenly, and couldn't help spitting out a mouthful of black blood.

The black blood fell on the ground with a stench, and it actually corroded the stone ground into irregular potholes.

Seeing this, Chen Wenqing breathed a sigh of relief, and said, "Xiao Huihui, how do you feel?"

Xiao Huihui's face was still extremely pale, but her spirit had recovered a bit, and she said weakly: "Brother, I feel much better, thank you for saving my life!"

Chen Wenqing patted Xiao Huihui's head and said, "I am your elder brother, you and I don't have to be so polite."

Immediately, Chen Wenqing flipped the palm of his hand, and a ginseng plant appeared in his hand.

"This is a 300-year-old ginseng, which can quickly restore vitality and blood. Xiao Huihui, just take it."

Xiao Huihui took the ginseng.

Smelling the spiritual power of ginseng, I couldn't bear it any longer, and gobbled up all the ginseng!

Chen Wenqing lightly injected another spiritual energy into Xiao Huihui's body, feeling that there was no more poisonous Gu, she couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief.

"Finally, the poisonous Gu has been cleaned up."

"Next, it's time to think about how to deal with this ancestor of the Witch Gu Cult!"


		