

Li Youcai looked at Ji Qiu who was lying in the middle of the questioning field, showing disdain.

"The second place in the Academy of Arts, is that all?"

"It seems that the Shu Dao Academy has fallen..." Li Youcai spread his hands and said something that made everyone angry.

"I haven't even tried hard, you fell down..."

Facing everyone's angry eyes, Li Youcai walked off the stage slowly, earning enough attention.

in the crowd.

Quite a few disciples of the Shu Dao Academy, who had their self-esteem hurt by Li Youcai's words, were gnashing their teeth, eager to rush up and take a bite.

"Damn... This fat man is too arrogant..."

"That's right! If you win, you win, and you still say that you haven't used your strength. This is too annoying."

"Don't let me touch it later, otherwise I will definitely let this fat man know why the flowers are so red!"

"Just you? Let's forget it! You can't even beat Ji Qiu..."

"Me? Groove..."


Chen Wenqing looked at Li Youcai like a general returning from victory, and said with a smug face.

"Junior brother, you did a good job in this battle! Confucianism and Taoism have improved a lot!"

The corners of Chen Wenqing's mouth turned up, revealing a slight smile.

"Hahaha... Brother, you are absurd! This is a normal operation, a normal operation, not worth mentioning, hahaha... not worth mentioning."

Li Youcai said that it was not worth mentioning, but he was grinning almost to the neck.

The praise from Senior Brother Chen got him the most.

"Next, I announce that the third match will be Yang Churan, a disciple of the Fulu Taoist Academy, and Zhuge Zheng, a disciple of the Taoist Academy."

Gu Jing's majestic voice spread throughout the audience.

"What? Another disciple of Fulu Taoist Academy?!"

"Could it be that the disciples of the Fulu Taoist Academy offended the Master Gu?"

"Shut up! Don't talk nonsense like this, be careful of your life!"

Cheng Jiaoyu's figure flashed when he heard the words, and a huge talisman supported his body, came to the midair, and stood opposite Gu Jing.

"Cheng Yu has met Master Gu." Cheng Yu said politely.

"What is it?"

"I would like to ask the temple master, why the disciples of my Fulu Taoist Academy were arranged to compete in the previous few matches..."

A hint of impatience appeared on Gu Jing's majestic face.

"Oh? Could it be, are you dissatisfied with the arrangement of the master?"

"Don't dare."

Cheng Jiaoyu cupped his hands and said, "It's just that if you don't make this matter clear, people who don't know will think that Gu Guanzhu deliberately designed the Taoist Temple of Talismans."

"In this way, it's not good to spread the word..."

Gu Jing laughed loudly when he heard the words, and said, "As far as your Talisman Taoist Temple has no more than ten disciples, is it worth my special design?"

"A talisman Taoist temple that is dying and dying, to be honest, there is really no need for it to exist. Not to mention, let me design you specially..."

"Cheng Yu, I'm telling you, because you have too few disciples in the Fulu Taoist Academy. Therefore, I will arrange for you to go to the Fulu Taoist Academy first..."

"After all, the further you go, the more powerful you will be. You may not be able to pass through the Talisman Taoist Temple...Don't say that I won't give you a chance!"

"I am so considerate of your Fulu Daoist Academy, you should be grateful to me! After all, in this way, you can also show the power of Fulu Daoist Academy to other Daoist Academy... so as not to save someone from always saying that Fulu Daoist Academy is not good enough, right?"

When Cheng Jiaoyu heard this, he felt anxious, but he couldn't refute this fact.

So, he returned angrily from the sky and landed in the asking field.

Gu Jing's voice came at the right time, resounding through the entire sky.

"All disciples!"

"Before this seat and the temple master have agreed, if Fulu Taoist Academy's results in this competition are still the last. Then, Fulu Taoist Academy will also be removed from Zixia Temple after this competition..."

"I hope that all the disciples participating in the big competition will do their best and don't let the water go. This will also allow the Fulu Taoist Academy to show everyone their strength..."

Cheng Jiaoyu's face was sinking like water, but his breath was violent, obviously hiding the anger in his heart.

"Teacher, I have heard that weak countries have no diplomacy, and power is the truth. Survival of the fittest in the Kyushu Continent, and Fulu Daoist Academy also emphasizes the supremacy of strength... everything must be based on strength..."

"We are qualified to reason with them only if the Fulu Taoist Academy wins."

"Only at this time will people listen to what we say."

Cheng Jiaoyu said: "You're right, you can still see clearly. However, my Fulu Daoist Academy won two games in a row, so the next game must be even more difficult..."

"Gu Guanzhu will definitely not let us win again easily."

Hearing this, Chen Wenqing thought for a moment, her eyes lit up, and she said: "I have three Explosive Qi Pills here, they were exchanged with Tian Cai Di Bao from Wei Changqing of the Dan Dao Institute last time, and they are just for you brothers to use at this time. "

"Hmph, old man Wei is trying to take advantage of us..."

When Cheng Jiaoyu heard it, Chen Wenqing exchanged Tiancai Dibao with Wei Changqing for the elixir, feeling distressed.

"Now it's just the first round of the competition. Once the Explosive Pill is used, Yang Churan and the others will not be able to participate in the next round of the finals. At that time, the finals will have to rely on you."

The Explosive Pill can make the practitioner burst into the strongest attack for a short time, but the price is that he can no longer use Taoism within three days.

Chen Wenqing nodded and said, "Don't worry, my teacher, I will leave the finals to me and Junior Brother Youcai."


In the next big competition, the performance of everyone in the Fulu Taoist Academy stunned the disciples of other Taoist schools participating in the big competition.

Yang Churan, Shen Yu, and Jiang Ling of the Fulu Taoist Academy are known as the "Three Disgraces of Fulu".

But now, the three of them seem to have become different.

They have reproduced the glory of the way of talismans to the outer disciples of Zixia Temple!

Wang Churan, Shen Mo, and Jiang Ling, due to their aptitude and cultivation resources, have been unable to break through to the early stage of Jindan for a long time. Because of flawed cultivation, Fulu Daoist Academy was beaten by other Daoist Academy in successive Zongmen Grand Competitions, and every time they were in the last place in the Grand Competition, it was the tail end of the crane!

However, this year's competition is completely different.

With the treasures of heaven and earth and precious spiritual stones brought back by Chen Wenqing, the three members of the Fulu Taoist Academy finally broke through and reached the early stage of Jindan.

The three who had reached the early stage of Jindan, because they did not have a huge gap in their cultivation, instead defeated the disciples of other Taoist schools who were facing them...

Wang Churan and Shen Mo also won the victory as they wished.

at this time.

Chen Wenqing looked at Jiangling in the questioning field, and the water and fire talismans in one hand complemented each other, and the water and fire blended together.

The ability to switch between the two kinds of talisman Taoism is obvious, and it is obvious that he has been immersed in this Taoism for many years.

"It seems that Senior Brother Jiangling won this match. In this way, the Fulu Taoist Academy won five battles and five victories, and this competition can be said to have been half successful..."

Cheng Jiaoyu looked at Jiang Ling who was asking questions, his eyes were already moist.

"Jiang Ling was the first to enter the Fulu Taoist Academy, and has always regarded himself as the big brother of the Fulu Taoist Academy. But every time he competes, his results are not satisfactory. Over the years, he must have accumulated a lot of resentment..."

Chen Wenqing also nodded silently when she heard the words.

Perhaps it was because several of his senior brothers were unable to make a breakthrough in cultivation. Chen Wenqing found that the three senior brothers were extremely proficient in using various talismans, the connection between Taoism and law was very smooth, their advances and retreats were slow, and they had the demeanor of everyone.

"To win!"

When Chen Wenqing saw Jiang Ling swallowing the Explosive Qi Pill, his momentum immediately surged, and he shot out a "Fire Dragon Talisman" with the strongest force.

The fire dragon roared in the air, with boundless heat and flames, submerging the opponent in the sea of ​​flames...

After a while, the spiritual power on the talisman disappeared, and the sea of ​​flames without roots also dissipated in the air...

After the fire dragon passed, the blue rocky ground was scorched black. Also scorched black, there was a figure lying on the bluestone ground.

"I won!"

Jiang Ling raised his head to the sky and howled!

How many years of depression has been resolved today...

So he laughed.

For five years, Jiang Ling smiled for the first time.

The disciples of Fulu Taoist Academy were all elated and excited.

However, the other monasteries were not happy at all, both Dabi's disciples and teachings were silent.

"How should I put it, this Talisman Taoist Temple doesn't look too bad..."

"Not only is it not bad! You go up, can you beat it?"

"It's... hard to say, hard to say..."

"Is the Fulu Taoist Academy, which has been silent for five years, finally coming back?"


Cheng Jiaoyu listened to the discussions from all directions, his gray beard and hair trembled, and finally burst out laughing.

"Hahaha…"

at this time.

Gu Jing's brows were already wrinkled like a ball of hemp rope, which couldn't be resolved.

"What's going on with all this? Isn't the "Yunlu Tianshu", the top skill of the Talisman Taoist Academy, already lost? What happened to the fire dragon talisman just now?"

"There are other talismans, why haven't I seen them before?"

This time, the Talisman Taoist Academy shined brilliantly. In addition to the improvement of cultivation base, various Talisman Taoism methods are also very eye-catching.

A few interested people have discovered that the disciples of Fulu Taoist Academy have used many Fulu Dao methods that have never been seen before.

Gu Jing looked at the indifferent figure in the questioning field, and said in his heart: "Is all this because of you?"

"I want to see, how will you live the next game?"

With a movement of Gu Jing's figure, he walked down step by step from the midair, as if stepping on an empty staircase.

"The next match, Chen Wenqing from Fulu Taoist Academy, will face Zhang Qian, the strongest disciple of the Outer Sect!"

"Now, officially begin!"

As soon as this remark came out, the audience exploded!


		