

Zixia Temple is a branch of Shenxiao School.

Today, I got proof from Cheng Jiaoyu's mouth.

"The Shenxiao Sect is the most powerful sect in the world, and its Taoism and supernatural powers are unparalleled. Wen Qing, your talent is unparalleled. If you practice to a certain level, you may one day be able to join the Shenxiao Sect and practice higher skills. !” Cheng Jiaoyu encouraged.

Next, Chen Wenqing asked some related matters about the Wulei Sect of the Shang Sect, at which time Li Youcai walked in.

"Youcai saw the process instruction, and met the senior brother!" Li Youcai was in the dust.

Chen Wenqing said: "Junior Brother, you have worked hard! How is the investigation on the matter of the Three Immortals of Yingzhou? Have you found anything new?"

Li Youcai picked up the tea at the table and drank it all, and said, "Just as my brother guessed, there is really a major discovery this time!"

"Oh? Junior brother can explain in detail!"

After Li Youcai turned around and closed the door tightly, he said in a low voice: "The three immortals of Yingzhou came from a place called Xieyue Valley. Xieyue Valley is a place where fish and dragons mix together. Three religions and nine streams, demons and ghosts are mixed in it. Xieyue Valley is essentially an evil organization. , there are often some hired murderers.”

Chen Wenqing said: "It seems that someone has issued a mission to surround and kill me in Xieyue Valley?"

"Yes!" Li Youcai said affirmatively, "And the one who issued the task is our Zixiaguan member!"

"What?!" Cheng Jiaoyu jumped up against the case and said angrily, "Who is so courageous to hire someone from Xieyue Valley to murder a fellow sect? This is really abominable!"

Li Youcai said: "This person's name is Huang Jiang, and after investigation, he is a disciple of the Taoist Academy."

"Huang Jiang?"

Cheng Jiaoyu chewed on the name, but didn't have any impression.

"It seems that this Huang Jiang should belong to the unknown generation! I have been a teacher of Zixia Temple for more than 20 years, and I have never heard of a disciple named Huang Jiang."

Chen Wenqing said: "No matter who this Huang Jiang is, what is certain is that the mastermind behind it must not be Huang Jiang, but someone else. Huang Jiang is just a pawn!"

Chen Wenqing thought for a moment, then continued: "But there is finally a breakthrough, and then we can use the Huangjiang River as a breakthrough, and follow the vines. In this way, as long as the people behind show their feet again, then..."

Cheng Jiaoyu nodded, and said, "I need to discuss with the temple master how to act on this matter. At this juncture, don't startle the snake!"

Chen Wenqing said: "Then please teach me!"

Cheng Jiaoyu waved his hand, took a few steps closer and patted Chen Wenqing on the shoulder and said, "Wenqing, the Zixia Temple is now raging with wind and clouds, and the dark tide is rolling in. Now you are trapped in it, and your life may be in danger. I don't know what your plan is?"

Chen Wenqing smiled and said: "I have already considered this point, and Wen Qing is also planning to report it to the Jiaoyu. Now that my mind and soul have been seriously damaged, I just took advantage of the opportunity to find the Severing Soul Grass and the Aesculus chinensis, and leave Zixia Watch and avoid the edge."

Hearing this, Li Youcai said excitedly, "Brother, can we go down the mountain again?"

Cheng Jiao said: "If you have money, your senior brother's soul is damaged, and you will need to take care of him a little bit at that time, so don't take it lightly."

"Don't worry, Jiaoyu!" Li Youcai said, "I will definitely protect the safety of senior brother!"

Cheng Jiaoyu nodded, and said to Chen Wenqing: "Both Duanhun Grass and Aescinus chinensis are panaceas, which are extremely rare! But I heard that Duanhun Slope, three hundred miles away, was found on the Duanhun Slope outside Jianjia Pass in the north of the Jin Kingdom. Wen Qing may go to the Soul-Breaking Grass, but the Seven-leaf Begonia is even more mysterious, and I don’t know where it has appeared before.”

"Jianjia pass?"

Li Youcai's face changed when he heard the words, and he said, "Isn't that the pass that divides the boundary between the monster race and the human race? So, to find the soul-breaking grass, you have to enter the monster race's territory?"

Cheng Jiaoyu said: "That's right! Jianjia Pass is the pass dividing the boundary between the monster race and the human race. It has been invaded by the monster race all the year round. It is a great pass for the human race! One hundred thousand Chen soldiers from the Jin Dynasty guard Jianjia Pass. It is the gateway to the north. where."

Chen Wenqing was in awe when he heard the words, and said: "If you say that, I want to see this legendary Xiongguan even more!"

"Xiongguan Road is really like iron, and now we are going to start from the beginning!"

Not only did Chen Wenqing not have a trace of fear in her heart, but she was yearning for it!

Cheng Jiaoyu said: "Wenqing, let's cultivate for two more days, and then set off after two days! You don't have to worry about things in Zixia Temple!"


Two days later.

Chen Wenqing has completed her cultivation, her trauma and meridians have recovered, and she is no different from ordinary people on the surface.

There are regulations in the Zixia Temple that those who practice Taoism cannot go down the mountain without a reason.

Therefore, Chen Wenqing could only take Li Youcai and Xiao Huihui down the mountain by taking the opportunity of receiving the mission.

And the task Chen Wenqing received was exactly the task issued by the Alchemy Institute: to find the legendary elixir of the soul-breaking grass and the seven-leaf crabapple.

Duanhun Grass, also known as Resurrection Grass, often grows in places where ghosts gather, and Duanhun Slope outside Jianjia Pass is said to have been a place where monsters and humans fought, and the bones of countless heroes of the human race were buried.

Therefore, when autumn comes, the hillside will be covered with white flowers. These flowers are transformed by absorbing countless heroic spirits.

When the flowers wither, it is the time when the Duanhun grass is formed, as the saying goes, "the flowers fall to the heart, and the name of the Duanhun grass comes from this.

Chen Wenqing understands that Jianjia Pass is a big pass that divides the border between the monster race and the human race, and wars happen all the year round, so it is extremely dangerous.

But now, Chen Wenqing's soul is lacking, and he can't use the way of talismans, which is equivalent to losing nine out of ten of his own strength.

What he could really rely on was an inexperienced dragon-slaying sword technique, as well as unsystematic techniques and supernatural powers.

Therefore, these two days are mainly to make some preparations before going down the mountain, and make comprehensive preparations for the techniques and formations that may be used later.

When the first rays of dawn shone on the earth, Chen Wenqing and his party quietly left Zixia Temple without disturbing anyone, and started a long-distance journey.

Unlike the last time I went down the mountain, this time was considered a real long-distance trip.

Because Zixia Temple is located in the south of Jin State, while Jianjiaguan is located in the north of Jin State. The distance between the two is more than 50,000 miles, which is not something that can be reached in a short time.

Chen Wenqing once imagined that one day he could "travel to the North Sea in the morning and reach Cangwu in the evening".

However, now that I am only at the peak of the Foundation Establishment Realm, it is just a delusion for these.

Chen Wenqing looked back at the mountain gate of Zixia Temple, with many thoughts in her heart.

Although it was said that the reason for going down the mountain this time was to find the elixir, in fact, Chen Wenqing was forced to go down the mountain.

Because, if Chen Wenqing stayed on the mountain again, no one would be able to protect him.

“I will be back soon!”

Chen Wenqing said silently in her heart: "When I come back next time, I must control my own destiny!"

Refining the mind in the world of mortals, practicing in the world!

Since then, Chen Wenqing has embarked on a journey of practice that has lasted for many years.


		