

early morning.

The sun rose, and the sunlight covered the entire Xijiang River with a layer of gold.

The morning breeze blows through the window lattice, and blows up the gauze curtain in front of the five-layer hibiscus tent of Hongxiuzuo...

Chen Wenqing opened his eyes, and he had already woken up.

However, she was still lying on the cloud bed under the hibiscus tent, motionless.

It wasn't that Chen Wenqing didn't want to get up, but that he didn't dare. Because, he was afraid of disturbing the sleeping Yi Ren.

Yes.

There was another person lying in his arms.

It was a beautiful woman.

I saw that her eyebrows were like daisy, her red lips were slightly moist, and her cheeks without powder and ink were like snow. Like a lazy civet cat, lying quietly in Chen Wenqing's arms.

She is as warm and moist as jade, with flaring nostrils, spring colors floating between her brows, black hair scattered on Chen Wenqing's arms like a waterfall, and Chen Wenqing felt a sweet fragrance all over her nose for a while.

"Miss Liu?"

Chen Wenqing's heart skipped a beat, and a faint feeling lingered in her heart.

Under the skin-to-skin kiss between the two, their bodies gradually became hot and dry.

at this time.

The beautiful woman in her arms seemed to have sensed the changes in Chen Wenqing's body, her jade-like cheeks gradually turned red, her long eyelashes moved, and her eyes opened like autumn water.

Chen Wenqing looked sideways, her eyes were bright with brilliance.

"Husband, are you awake?"

Liu Rumei's eyes were as charming as silk, and her voice was somewhat shy and joyful.

"Husband?"

Chen Wenqing was startled by Liu Rumei's "husband".

For a while, there was no response.

He vaguely remembered drinking a few glasses of wine under the moon last night, reciting a few poems, and then talking about life and ideals with Liu Rumei.

Do not know why.

When she woke up, Liu Rumei was lying with her, calling her "husband"?

Chen Wenqing's heart was full of chaos.

certainly.

With Liu Rumei's alluring looks, it would be an extremely lucky thing to become his wife.

The four eyes are facing each other.

The distance between Chen Wenqing and Liu Rumei was less than half a foot. At such a close distance, he could feel the fragrance emanating from Liu Rumei's delicate body, as well as the rapid breathing of the other party.

It seemed that the other party was not as calm as he seemed.

Liu Rumei's flawless white face, even if seen from a close distance, is still breathtakingly beautiful.

After a while, Chen Wenqing's heart beat faster and her mouth was dry.

"Miss Liu, this is..."

Chen Wenqing was a little confused, he didn't know how to speak.

"Sure enough, drinking is a mistake!"

Chen Wenqing wailed inwardly, he had no memory of what happened after he was drunk.

I don't remember anything after getting drunk.

He looked around, judging from the whole layout of the hibiscus tent, it should be Liu Rumei's boudoir.

"Hey…"

Chen Wenqing couldn't calm down for a long time, and it was quite complicated.

He could feel that under the blanket, neither of them was fully clothed.

Where the body touches, he can even feel the warmth and smoothness from Liu Rumei's silky delicate body, as well as the amazing softness and elasticity of the palm.

Obviously, something must have happened last night.

However, Chen Wenqing didn't have the slightest impression.

"Couldn't it be a dream last night? It was..."

Chen Wenqing looked at the beautiful woman in her arms, feeling the warm jade fragrance in her arms, Chen Wenqing had a headache.

"Husband, what's bothering you? Maybe you can solve a problem or two by telling me..."

Liu Rumei looked at Chen Wenqing's frown, so she arched into Chen Wenqing's arms, and changed into a more lazy posture.

"Miss Liu... Poor Dao... No, I..."

Chen Wenqing couldn't continue, he didn't know how to speak.

Chen Wenqing, who is usually eloquent, also became hesitant.

"You can also call her Miss Liu, and my husband can call you Meier of Nujia..."

Liu Rumei narrowed her pretty eyes, revealing a beautiful smile.

Seeing this, Chen Wenqing's heart skipped a beat, as if struck by lightning, she thought, "It's over, it's over! It seems that the spring dream last night was not a dream, but a real relationship with Miss Liu..."

Chen Wenqing plucked up her courage, and asked Liu Rumei softly, "Miss Liu, did we really do that last night?"

After a while, Liu Rumei didn't answer.

Chen Wenqing looked into his arms.

I saw that Liu Ruxiang shrugged her shoulders, her eyes were full of mist, and the pear blossoms were crying with rain, which made people feel distressed.

"Sister, could it be that you dislike the place where Meier was born with fireworks? Husband, we are both skin-to-skin relatives...Sister, are you still talking like this? Could it be that Rumei really misjudged the wrong person and paid for it by mistake?"

Liu Ru's eyebrows felt a little sad.

For so many years, although Liu Rumei has managed the red sleeve move, in fact, she has never been attracted to a man, and she still maintains a perfect body.

Seeing Chen Wenqing's graceful figure last night, like a fairy, she felt admiration in her heart.

So, he summoned up the courage to hand himself over to him.

But I didn't expect the other party to say such a thing...

Chen Wenqing looked at the beautiful woman in her arms, shedding tears of grievance, feeling a little distressed.

"It's not that I dislike Miss Rumei, it's just that I'm poor...it's just me, I haven't realized it for a while, please forgive me, Meier."

Chen Wenqing was at a loss, so she could only hug Keren'er in her arms tighter.

Liu Rumei looked at Chen Wenqing's anxious look, and heard him call her "Mei'er", which obviously recognized her.

Liu Rumei knew that he cared about her, the words just now should have been unintentional, and her mood jumped again.

So, she gently pressed her cheek against Chen Wenqing's chest, feeling the strong heartbeat, and felt at ease.

Chen Wenqing's mood was beyond words.

In the two lifetimes, Chen Wenqing was alone. What's more, now that I am in another world, I feel extremely lonely. He never thought that one day, he would also have someone who loved him.

Obviously, they only met last night.

But sometimes it is like this, just one eye contact is already doomed for life.

Chen Wenqing let out a long sigh.

He said softly beside Liu Rumei's earlobe: "I thought that I, Chen Wenqing, would stand alone, but I never thought I would be favored by my eyebrows. Wenqing is also happy to have you."

Liu Rumei was very shy, like a fast-moving bird, pecked lightly at the corner of Chen Wenqing's mouth, smiling through tears...

Just this smile made all the flowers lose their color.

Chen Wenqing lost his mind.

Liu Rumei winked and smiled, she stretched out her white and flawless arms to embrace Chen Wenqing.

The warm and creamy delicate body pressed against her.

Chen Wenqing froze.

God is sorry, Chen Wenqing has never experienced such a battle in his two lifetimes.

Chen Wenqing was dumbfounded!

Not only is Liu Rumei stunning in the world, but her ketone body is also smooth and delicate, exuding a pure white brilliance, and her plump body has uneven bumps, which is fascinating.

Chen Wenqing could no longer suppress the hotness in her heart, she wrapped her ape arms, felt Liu Rumei's extremely slender waist with both hands, and grasped it gracefully.

Liu Ru's brows and eyes are full of spring colors, like a water lotus flower, shyness that cannot bear the cool breeze.

"Husband..." Liu Rumei whispered charmingly.

"Brow..."

Chen Wenqing couldn't hide the restlessness of his body, as if there was an ancient giant beast in his body, wanting to release the power of the prehistoric.

"Husband... want me..."

When Chen Wenqing heard the words, she couldn't bear it anymore.


Drunk last night.

Chen Wenqing failed to appreciate the bliss in the world, and mistakenly thought it was just a dream.

Until now, he has

clear.

Last night, he dreamed that he was swimming in the form of a fish, crossing the gurgling stream, crossing the high mountain, and entering the warm deep pool...

This feeling is familiar!

It turned out that this was really not a dream!

Inside the hibiscus tent.

Yingying bursts, and the fragrance is overflowing.

Liu Rumei felt that Chen Wenqing's movements were green, as if she was suppressing something, she bit her rosy lips, then turned over...

Liu Rumei's waist, which could be grasped, twisted and slipped in...


		