

Chen Wenqing and others came to the fourth floor of Hongxiu Zhao.

Obviously, the fourth layer of the red sleeve trick is obviously different from the first three layers.

first.

The fourth floor of Hongxiu Zhao is obviously taking a higher-end route, not like the other three floors, which are resplendent and magnificent, but reveal a kind of scholarly spirit, with a strong atmosphere of literati.

Looking around, there are many famous calligraphy and paintings hanging on the walls, and various books are displayed on the bookshelves.

In addition, there are also many literati who are playing the piano, playing chess, talking about poetry, and fighting against each other.

The maids serving tea and water are all well-dressed and polite.

Chen Wenqing and others came to the fourth floor without attracting anyone's attention.

They randomly found a seat by the window and sat down quietly.

"Three masters, do you have any orders?"

As soon as the three of them sat down, a slim maid came over.

The maid looks delicate and good, about seventeen or eighteen years old, it is the time of youth, the most attractive age.

"Help us a pot of green ant fermented wine, and then serve some special dishes."

"Also, I don't know if there are any special programs to enjoy on the fourth floor of Hongxiu Zhao tonight?"

The maid gave a little blessing when she heard the words, and said, "Tonight happens to be the night of the full moon. The Confucian students of Bailudong Academy held a poetry meeting here."

"However, it's not the time yet. If the two sons have high-quality poems, they can also participate in this poetry meeting."

"Oh? A poetry meeting held by the White Deer Cave Academy?"

Chen Wenqing immediately became interested when he heard the words, and said, "Brother, isn't Bailudong Academy the academy you studied in Jiankang Mansion? Maybe you can meet your former classmates and friends tonight."

Hearing what Chen Wenqing said, Li Youcai didn't show an expectant expression on his face, but changed the subject instead.

"Brother, let's try the most distinctive green ant bar in Jiankang Prefecture. This wine is paired with Shangxijianghe's special smoked fish, and the taste is also unique."

Chen Wenqing knew her junior very well.

Looking at the expression on Li Youcai's face, he could guess that his previous experience of studying in Jiankang Mansion did not seem to be very pleasant.

When Chen Wenqing saw this, it was inconvenient to ask more questions, but raised his glass to drink.

Hongxiuzhao is indeed the most famous place of smoked willows in Jiankang Mansion, the food is served very quickly, and the food and wine are all served in a short while.

While drinking the green ant wine, Chen Wenqing looked at the bright moonlight in the sky, and felt at ease with the evening wind blowing.

at this time.

There was a commotion on the fourth floor of Hongxiu Zhao, followed by the sound of footsteps, and a group of people walked up from the third floor.

"Look, look! Mr. Xue is here!"

"Mr. Xue is the number one genius of Bailudong Academy, and he is also vaguely known as the number one talent of Jiankang Mansion. Judging by his aura, it is really unusual."

"With Mr. Xue here tonight, there must be a masterpiece born."


Chen Wenqing heard everyone's discussion and was curious. She looked up and saw a tall young man in white clothes, with a face like a crown of jade, holding a paper fan in her front hand, and came straight towards Chen Wenqing and the others in a graceful manner.

"Eh? Junior brother, do you know that person?"

Chen Wenqing touched Li Youcai's arm and asked.

Li Youcai didn't answer immediately, as if he didn't hear Chen Wenqing's words, he continued to bury his head in the food without even raising his head.

"do not know!"

"Brother, don't worry about him. Let's drink and eat vegetables. It's not bad to try this salted duck."

As he said that, Li Youcai also put a piece of duck in sauce into Chen Wenqing's bowl.

Chen Wenqing knew in her heart that there must be a story between her junior brother and Mr. Xue.

It's just that Li Youcai didn't say anything, and he didn't want to ask too many questions, so the two of them drank wine and ate food quietly.

The group headed by Mr. Xue didn't pay attention to Li Youcai, and walked past him directly.

at this time.

The full moon hangs in the sky.

The fourth floor of Hongxiu Zhao has become lively.

"I have a poem, please share it with me." A Confucian scholar in blue clothes recited aloud.

"In the old days, I rode on the edge of the Chu River and wrote poems with my pen to spend my years."

"How dare you mock the wind and still sing about the moon, only thinking about homes and fields."

"Good poetry, good poetry!"

"It's really a good poem. This poem has the meaning of returning to the garden, not bowing to the rich and powerful, and has a lofty intention."

"The confrontation is neat, and the response is flat. Not bad!"


When everyone was praising, Mr. Xue interrupted everyone.

"This poem is certainly good, but today's theme is Yongyue, so it's a little bit off topic."

After finishing speaking, under the gaze of everyone, he walked towards Chen Wenqing and the others, stood still in front of Li Youcai, and said.

"Junior Brother Li, you might as well make a comment or two to see if I'm right?"

Hearing this, Li Youcai stood up with his hands holding the vegetables stiff, and bowed his hands together.

"Brother Xue, long time no see."

"It's been a long time indeed."

A mocking smile appeared on Mr. Xue's face.

"I heard that since you were defeated by me last time, Junior Brother, you have abandoned Confucianism and practiced Taoism?"

Mr. Xue patted Li Youcai on the shoulder, and the corner of his mouth slightly raised, "I don't know how Mrs. Wang in Jixia Academy will feel when he hears this?"

"The dignified Jixia School, a direct disciple of Master Wang's family, actually did such a thing that insulted the teacher's school. What kind of face do you have to gain a foothold in the Confucian school?"

After Mr. Xue scolded Li Youcai, Li Youcai's face turned pale, and his whole body began to tremble.

"With your actions, you are simply embarrassing Master Wang. I don't know how Master Wang accepted you as a disciple in the first place. It's a rotten wood that cannot be carved!"

Mr. Xue sneered in front of everyone, without any regard for Li Youcai's face.

"enough!"

Chen Wenqing jumped up, and said to Mr. Xue, who was sneering and sarcastic, "Which onion are you?"

"How dare you yell at my junior brother, who gave you the courage?"

Mr. Xue was startled when he heard the words, he didn't expect that someone would dare to challenge his authority.

"Who are you? I teach my junior a lesson, and I don't allow outsiders to intervene."

Chen Wenqing sneered and said, "If Junior Brother Li makes any mistakes, I will teach him, and it's not your turn to point fingers."

"Oh? You also call Li Youcai your junior brother? Could it be that, brother, you are also a senior disciple of Master Wang of Jixia Academy?"

When Mr. Xue heard that Chen Wenqing also called Li Youcai his junior, his first reaction was to subconsciously think that Chen Wenqing was also a disciple of Confucianism.

and.

Mr. Xue's attitude immediately became better.

After all, Jixia Academy is the place that all Confucian disciples yearn for the most, and it is the holy land of Confucianism and Taoism.

Li Youcai studied under Master Wang from Jixia, and he was regarded as the youngest disciple of Master Wang.

Under Master Wang's door, a total of five disciples were accepted. Four of them are the top geniuses of Confucianism. Regardless of their Confucianism or Taoism cultivation or knowledge, they belong to the top existence among their peers.

Li Youcai, on the other hand, was called the worst disciple of Master Wang by outsiders, and was even said to be "the shame of the academy".

Chen Wenqing looked at Mr. Xue, who was arrogant and respectful, and said with a sneer: "The poor Taoist is Chen Wenqing from Zixia Temple, whose Taoist name is Chunyangzi. Junior Brother Li is a disciple of my Zixia Taoist Temple, and his Taoist name is Zhengyangzi..."

"It turns out that you are a disciple of the Taoist sect...I said how dare you be so arrogant and condescending. This is a matter of my Confucian sect. It is better for this Taoist priest not to join in the peace."

Chen Wenqing shook her head, "Since Junior Brother Li calls me Senior Brother, then his business is my business."

"I don't care about Confucianism or Taoism, as long as it is related to Junior Brother Li, I will take care of it."

Mr. Xue was taken aback when he heard Chen Wenqing's words, and then he laughed.

"You, a Taoist priest, dare to participate in the affairs of Confucianism? Are you still in charge? Can you handle it?"

Chen Wenqing stood with her hands behind her back, stood beside Li Youcai, and said proudly: "No matter what it is, as long as it involves Junior Brother Li."

"I need to control what I can manage, and I need to control what I can't control!"

"Since I, Chen Wenqing, is his senior brother, then you can make a mark on all the affairs of Junior Brother Li, and the poor Taoist will take over."

Hearing this, Mr. Xue sneered and said, "That's good! Then invite this fellow Daoist Chen to comment on the poem just now."

"You don't even understand the meaning of this poem, do you?"

Mr. Xue looked at Chen Wenqing with disdain, as if looking at a clown.

Chen Wenqing turned a deaf ear to Mr. Xue's words.

He patted Li Youcai's hand and said, "Junior Brother, I don't care what happened to you in the Confucian School in the past."

"However, now someone jumped out to insult my senior brother. Then, as a senior brother, I can't let it go."

Seeing Li Youcai, Chen Wenqing wanted to say something, but was stopped by Chen Wenqing.

"Let's talk about your affairs later, and then you will watch from the sidelines. Today I will definitely find a place for you."

Mr. Xue heard the words from the side, and snorted coldly: "Only you, a Taoist priest, have you never read the Confucian classics? Are you still trying to get back your position? Vulgar!!"

"Why don't you comment on this poem first!"

Chen Wenqing looked around at the Confucian scholars present, and said coldly: "I have heard all the poems you wrote just now."

"After listening, I just want to say one thing."

"Everyone here, the poems and essays you write are all rubbish! Even! It's not as good as rubbish!"

"This is my review!"

"Who agrees?"

"Who objects?"

Describe the difference between the fourth floor, from the first floor to the second floor

Many Confucian scholars are reciting poems

Drinking quietly, watching the moon is very good

But I found an acquaintance, xx talent, how awesome

It turned out to be a former classmate in the academy, who suppressed Li Youcai very badly, and began to satirize Li Youcai, not to be a good Confucian disciple, but to become a Taoist priest

bet, bet

The poems prepared in advance, come prepared, the test is lively, Li Youcai also writes poems, half a catty

Let the people at the scene ask questions, and Chen Wenqing took the initiative to teach the two of them

The man was unconvinced, saying that reciting poems and writing right is not a skill, but Confucianism and Taoism cultivation is the ability, so Li Youcai released Confucianism and Taoism cultivation base, and he still has righteousness.

Let me introduce the level of Confucianism and Taoism.

It's already at the level of a genius, pretending to be a slap in the face.

Behind


		