

Jiankang Mansion is one of the eighteen prefectures of Jin State, with a population of nearly one million, and it can be considered as one of the top five cities in Jin State.

Jiankang Mansion is famous for two things.

One is the green ant fine wine, and the other is the red sleeve trick of Jiankang Mansion.

Therefore, drinking green ant wine in the red sleeve move is one of the happiest things in the world.

After Li Youcai entered Jiankang Mansion, he seemed to be a different person, and he became very excited.

He dragged Chen Wenqing all the way, and hurried straight to the bank of Xijiang River.

at this time.

As night falls, the lights come on.

But the banks of the Xijiang River were buzzing with people and bustling.

Chen Wenqing looked at the flower boats moored on the surface of the Xijiang Lake. Each flower boat was brightly lit, and the faint sound of silk and bamboo orchestras could be heard.

The moonlight is like washing, spreading on the surface of the Xijiang River.

The breeze is blowing, and the fragrance of makeup and powder is wafting.

"Brother, look!"

Li Youcai pointed to the largest building boat not far away, and said excitedly: "This is the red sleeve trick, isn't it beautiful?"

Chen Wenqing looked around and saw a huge building boat moored in the middle of the Xijiang River. The building boat was decorated with various lanterns, illuminating the building boat brightly.

The entire building boat is extremely luxuriously decorated, with carved beams and painted buildings, shrouded in light gauze, revealing a sense of mystery everywhere.

"I didn't expect Hongxiu Zhao to be on a boat. Interesting!"

Chen Wenqing raised the corner of his mouth and said softly.

Chen Wenqing thought about the boss of this red-sleeve move, he really knows how to manage it. The building boat in front of him basically satisfies people's curious thoughts.

"The red sleeve move is divided into five layers. The first layer is a place for drinking and having fun; the second layer is a place for gambling; the third layer is a place for seeking pleasure and asking willows, where you can have a spring night; the fourth layer is for literati and scholars to recite poems. Right; and the fifth floor is the boudoir of Hongxiu Zhao's top card, Liu Rumei."

Li Youcai was like a treasure, and he introduced the situation of Hongxiu Zhao clearly one by one.

"Junior Brother, you are so clear, it seems that you used to visit this Jiankang Mansion when you were studying in the past!" Chen Wenqing teased.

Li Youcai laughed when he heard the words, and said: "The first three floors of Hongxiu Zhao only need to pay the entrance fee to enter. But the fourth floor is where scholars gather. If you don't have certain talents, you won't be able to go up."

"Nowadays, all the Confucian disciples in Jiankang Mansion are proud of being on the fourth floor of the Red Sleeve Move."

"If you can compose a poem on the fourth floor of Hongxiuzhao, and get the recognition and praise of all Confucian scholars, then your name will be widely circulated in Jiankang Mansion the next day."

"I see!"

Chen Wenqing nodded and said, "This small boat has already carried the dreams of men in this world..."

"Wine, sex and fortune, fame and fortune."

"Exactly!"

After listening to Li Youcai's introduction, Chen Wenqing became more and more interested in this red-sleeve move.

at this time.

Li Youcai walked down the embankment of the Xijiang River and said something to the boatman moored on the bank.

Immediately, he waved to Chen Wenqing, indicating that he could come down.

Li Youcai said: "Boatman, we are going to Hongxiu Zhao."

"Go to Hongxiu to recruit? Chenghui three taels of silver!" Said the boatman.

"What! Three taels of silver? Why don't you go grab it?"

Li Youcai was shocked.

"It takes less than a hundred steps from the bank to the middle of the river. You want to charge me three taels of silver?"

"Besides, I've also come to Hongxiu Zhao before, and I haven't heard that Hongxiu Zhao needs three taels of silver in the past."

Unexpectedly, when the boatman heard what Li Youcai said, he sneered and said, "If you don't have money, you still learn the tricks of red sleeves, you poor ghost!"

"I'm afraid you haven't been to Hongxiu Zhao for a while?"

"Red sleeve move has changed the rules long ago! You can't even get three taels of silver, so I advise you to go back home!"

The boatman sneered.

"you!"

Li Youcai was furious.

"A dog's eyes look down on people, am I someone who can't afford three taels of silver?"

At this time.

Chen Wenqing patted Li Youcai on the shoulder and said, "Junior brother, forget it! There is no point in arguing with this kind of people, and we don't need this little money."

Hearing what his senior brother said, Li Youcai reluctantly took out three taels of silver and threw it to the boatman.

"Give you!"

When the boatman received the money thrown by Li Youcai, his disdainful face suddenly changed into a smile, and he said happily: "You two gentlemen, please come in, sir, please slow down..."

Li Youcai looked at the boatman's appearance, and couldn't help saying with contempt: "Hmph! Snobbish!"

The boatman swayed the awning boat, dragged out ripples on the calm river, and soon came under the big boat.

As soon as Chen Wenqing and the others arrived, two women in tulle came forward to meet them.

"Hey, among the three masters, please..."

The eyes of the two girls lit up when they saw Chen Wenqing's handsome face, and the two of them pressed their bodies together at the same time, mosuo on Chen Wenqing's arms non-stop in smooth waves.

Chen Wenqing felt the softness from his arm, and his expression became a little unnatural.

"Girl, I'm sorry!"

Chen Wenqing gently pushed away the two girls who were leaning over, turned around and held Xiao Huihui's hand, and said, "You can just lead the way, I can still walk by myself."

After hearing Chen Wenqing's words, the two girls showed disappointed expressions on their faces. They glanced at Li Youcai behind them, showing disgusted expressions.

Seeing this, Xiao Huihui covered her mouth and kept laughing, but Li Youcai went crazy.

He felt that he had been severely humiliated invisibly.

Although, the two girls did nothing.

It seems that no matter in the previous life or in the Kyushu mainland, handsome people are equally popular.

"Gentlemen, which floor do you plan to go to?"

The two girls walked in front, turned their heads and smiled, and asked.

Chen Wenqing thought for a while and asked, "Is there anything more important here?"

"It looks like this is the first time for the three masters to come to my red sleeve move?"

Li Youcai heard the girl talking, and said, "I've been here before, you can just take us to the fourth floor!"

"Fourth floor?"

The girl covered her mouth and smiled, "I didn't expect the two masters to be scholars."

A girl pointed at Chen Wenqing and said, "This young man exudes the air of a Confucian scholar. I believe he is a scholar. There is no problem entering the fourth floor, but what about you..."

As he spoke, he looked up and down at Li Youcai, but stopped talking.

The implication is obvious, completely disbelieving that Li Youcai is also a scholar.

When Li Youcai heard the words, he felt that he had been hit violently, and his heart was hurt ten thousand points.

then.

Li Youcai's heart moved, and a wave of Confucianism rushed towards Li Youcai's body.

"Did you see it? Did you see it?"

Li Youcai pointed to the Confucianism and Taoism surrounding him, and said loudly, "You guys know what this is?"

"Fatty, I'm also a scholar! From now on, please be more professional, don't be foolish!"

As he said that, Li Youcai took the lead and walked angrily to the fourth floor, still muttering incessantly.

"What kind of person is this? He has no eyesight at all!"

"It wasn't like this before!"

Chen Wenqing was behind, watching Li Youcai walking to the fourth floor with ease, couldn't help smiling.

"This red-sleeved move looks magnificent and luxurious. But in terms of service, it is more than a little bit worse than the Wan-style service in the previous life!"


		