

"How is it possible, it's really you? It's been so many years, why are you still looking for me?"

Master Li stared at the door, with a frightened expression on his face, his body was shaking while sitting on the rattan chair, he kept struggling to shrink back, and said in a trembling voice.

"Obviously! I have already sealed you in the dry well, how can you still come out? How did you break through the Yin-Yang Five Elements Formation?"

Chen Wenqing looked towards the door, and saw a refined middle-aged man suddenly appearing at the door. The middle-aged man was dressed in outside clothes, with a fair face and a benevolent demeanor. Compared with the hysterical Mr. Li, this is more like a real good man.

However, Chen Wenqing knew very well that it was Zhang Tong who came. That is the legendary "evil"!

Zhang Tong had a smile on his face, but this smile made Chen Wenqing look dizzy and sweaty!

"Li Chengde, long time no see!" Zhang Tong smiled slightly, "You colluded with bandits and gangsters to kill and dismember the thirty-nine members of my Zhang family, and dumped them in that dark dry well. I didn't expect that one day I would finally escape! "

Zhang Tong looked at Li Chengde, who looked extremely defeated, stepped forward to the threshold, and said leisurely, "Do you know how I have lived these years?"

"You were afraid that I would turn into a ghost and come looking for you, and you even sealed the mouth of the well on purpose. Not only that, but a yin-yang and five-element magic circle was arranged outside the mouth of the well, intending to erase the boundless grievances of the thirty-nine members of my Zhang family."

Zhang Tong remained expressionless, and continued: "It's a pity that my Zhang family has too much resentment. Even if they are burned by the yin-yang and five-element magic circle every day, flooded, blown by wind, hacked with knives, and axes, they can't erase this resentment! After all, it became an evil, and it was finally able to break out and see the light of day."

Zhang Tong recounted everything in detail, with a calm look, as if all of this had nothing to do with him. However, it was this faint tone that made Chen Wenqing terrified, it was a kind of terror that came from the deepest part of the soul!

Chen Wenqing looked at Li Chengde, who was sitting on the rattan chair with a dark complexion and barely breathing, and mustered up the courage to take a few steps forward, blocking Master Li behind him.

"Zixia, a poor Taoist, has seen Chen Wenqing and met Zhang Dashan." Chen Wenqing bowed to Zhang Tong and said.

Zhang Tong was taken aback when he heard the words, and sneered, "Zhang Dashan? Hehe, interesting!"

He shook his head and said, "I haven't heard of this name for a long time. Little Taoist priest, do you know that this name is the greatest irony to me!"

Zhang Tong stood with his hands behind his back, "If it weren't for this name, I wouldn't have taken in Li Chengde, and my Zhang family wouldn't have destroyed it. After all, I'm a sinner! And this name brings me only boundless love. Pain and remorse!"

Chen Wenqing nodded when she heard the words, looked into Zhang Tong's eyes, and said, "So, Li Chengde must die?"

“Desperate!”

Chen Wenqing glanced at Li Chengde who was slumped on the rattan chair, sighed, and said, "Even from my point of view, Li Chengde really deserves to die! The poor have no reason to stop you."

Zhang Tong looked at Chen Wenqing playfully, and laughed: "Hahaha, I can't think of it, I really can't think of it! There are Taoists like you in the world. It's really rare to be able to distinguish right from wrong! Your Taoist sects all adhere to the principle of killing demons and eliminating demons. Heaven follows the law. Little Taoist priest, you know that I am evil and will not run away, yet you still reason with me."

"Hahaha... You actually reasoned with an evil person. Interesting, really interesting..."

Chen Wenqing looked at Zhang Tong quietly, and said, "I'm not trying to reason with evil, I'm trying to reason with Zhang Tong!"

"Everything is about cause and effect. The so-called grievances have their heads and debts have their owners. This is what Li Chengde did. If you promise not to hurt other innocent people, I have no reason to stop you. Because, if this happened in In me, I might make the same choice as you!"

"That's right, that's right! There's no such thing as benevolence, righteousness and morality, which sounds good to me! But there's one thing you're wrong about. There aren't any "innocent" people here?"

Zhang Tong looked outside and said in a low voice, "If you are innocent, who else is innocent of the thirty-nine members of my Zhang family?"

"Thinking that I, Zhang Tong, have done good deeds all my life, but in the end I have ended up like this!"

Zhang Tong smiled, turned around and said to Chen Wenqing: "Today, Li Chengde's house is doomed to leave no one behind! Besides, there is no one in the entire Zhangjia Town who is innocent!"

"Everyone must die!"

Chen Wenqing was puzzled, and asked anxiously, "What does this have to do with Zhangjia Town? This is just a dispute between Li Chengde and the Zhang family. Why should the entire Zhangjia Town be involved?"

"How can it be okay?" Zhang Tong snorted and said, "In the past, the entire Zhangjia Town received so much favor from my Zhang family. In the end, when my Zhang family was destroyed by robbers, no one stood up and stood up for me. Speak a word of justice."

"For so many years, how much porridge has been donated by my Zhang family, how many medicines have been donated, and how many people have been saved? It is these people who even made gossip when my Zhang family was in decline, and even said that my Zhang family was rich and unkind, and deserved it!"

"Hehe, you deserve what you deserve?" Zhang Tong kept shaking his head, and suddenly said sharply: "Thinking that my Zhang family ancestors were cautious in words and deeds for generations, and were kind to others, but they were cut off when they came to me! Little Taoist, do you know this feeling? Do you know how much I hate you in my heart?"

Chen Wenqing was silent for a long time before saying: "I'm sorry! I feel sorry for this matter! The world is ignorant, and it is human nature to dislike the poor and envy the rich. I think those who received the favor of the Zhang family at the beginning must still remember the Zhang family's gift. They will be grateful for the help!"

"It's not important, and it's unnecessary! I don't care how the world feels." Zhang Tong looked at Li Chengde, who had passed out, and said, "Since the world can't feel my pain, then I will let the world feel the pain." This is called real empathy, hahaha..."

Zhang Tong laughed loudly, with frustration and sadness in his laughter, rustling the rubble on the roof of the side hall.

After a while, Zhang Tong stopped laughing, patted Chen Wenqing on the shoulder, and said, "Little Taoist priest, you are a nice person! I have decided not to kill you, so let's go!"

Chen Wenqing stared at Zhang Tong and said seriously: "Thank you! But I'm sorry, I won't leave. This matter involves the lives of more than 2,000 people in Zhangjia Town. I can't just leave. I still decide Put it on!"

"Little Taoist priest, you are only at the peak of Qi Refining Realm, can you manage it? What do you use to manage it?"

Chen Wenqing looked at Zhang Tong and said seriously: "I will take care of it with my life! Since I have decided to take care of it, then I have to take care of what I can do, and I have to do what I can't do! Who knows what happened to me!"

"Aren't you afraid of death?" Zhang Tong said with a smile.

Chen Wenqing shook her head and said, "I'm afraid of death! However, a person is mortal, and it's either lighter than a feather, or heavier than Mount Tai!"

"Hahaha, I'm afraid of your death, not even a feather is worth it! It's really boring to die for someone like Li Chengde!"

Chen Wenqing said lightly: "I didn't die for him alone, he really wasn't worth it! If I die, then I will also die for the justice and hope of the world! The world is difficult, and I don't want to see the light of hope go out! "

"Little Taoist priest, you are really good, very much like me many years ago! Don't worry, I will save your life when the time comes to honor your morality!"

Just as Zhang Tong finished speaking, he saw thunder and lightning flashing in the sky, and the rolling dark clouds covered the entire sky. At this moment, the sound of chaotic footsteps came from a distance!

Chen Wenqing looked, it turned out that it was the masters who had just left Li's residence, and they left and returned again!

Seemingly seeing doubts in Chen Wenqing's eyes, the tall and thin Taoist said: "The entire Zhangjiazhuang has been covered by an enchantment, and we are like birds in a cage, unable to get out! So, we came back again."

Chen Wenqing looked at everyone in surprise, and said, "What did you say that the entire Zhangjiazhuang is covered by an enchantment?"

"Yes, all of this is what Xie did. He wants the entire Zhangjia Town to commemorate the thirty-nine members of the Zhang family who died!"

"What?! How could you do that?" Chen Wenqing was furious when she heard the words, and quickly walked up to Zhang Tong, and said, "Is that true?"

Zhang Tong looked at Chen Wenqing, smiled but said nothing.

At this time, everyone realized that a "stranger" appeared in the side hall, and they couldn't help asking curiously, "Who is this person?"

Chen Wenqing looked at the crowd and said lightly, "He is Zhang Tong!"

"That's what you call "evil"!"

When everyone heard this, they panicked.

Immediately, some people pulled out their swords, some held talismans in their hands, some had already chanted spells, and some even started to run away...

At this time, Chen Wenqing said softly to Xiao Huihui in her heart.

"Little Huihui! Quickly ask Wang Zhixian and Qin Chenghuang to help!"

"The Zhangjiazhuang evil has appeared!"

"Great danger!!"


		