

Generally speaking, because of the difference in spiritual root aptitude, cultivators will choose exercises that suit their spiritual root aptitude.

For example, Liu Xiu has the aptitude of water spirit root, so practicing water-type kung fu is more suitable and more powerful.

In addition, the qualifications of practitioners in the world are divided into five types of spiritual root qualifications: metal, wood, water, fire, and earth.

But in addition to this, there will also be some very special spiritual root qualifications, such as ice spiritual root, thunder spiritual root, five element spiritual root, and even chaotic dao body...

People with these special spiritual roots have amazing cultivation aptitudes. But some spiritual root aptitudes are innately brought, and generally they are encountered but not sought after...

However, there are also some special circumstances, such as Liu Xiu. Although he has the aptitude of water spirit root, but because he has a deep understanding of water-type exercises, he has the opportunity to comprehend the changes in the attributes of water-type spiritual power and generate new spiritual power, ice-type spiritual roots.

In this way, it is equivalent to Liu Xiu having two kinds of spiritual roots, and his spiritual power reserve is more than twice that of ordinary ascetics. Moreover, the two kinds of spiritual power can be switched freely, making the battle more convenient.

Therefore, when Liu Xiu used the astonishingly powerful ice-type talisman technique, everyone present was so shocked.

And if one day Chen Wenqing transforms the miscellaneous spiritual roots of the five elements into the spiritual roots of the five elements, then the spiritual power and combat power he possesses will become very terrifying. This is not just one plus one, such a simple superposition calculation.

asked in the field.

Eighteen ice swords were suspended in mid-air, forming a siege. The sword pointed at the frozen "Wang Huan", exuding a biting cold air.

"Concession!"

Liu Xiu bowed her hands to Gu Jing and everyone in the audience, showing a faint smile.

Gu Jing frowned, waved his sleeves, and a spiritual force hit "Wang Huan" who was frozen into an ice sculpture, and rescued Wang Huan from the freezing.

"I declare that for the first time, Liu Xiu won the Fulu Taoist Academy!"

Gu Jing's voice spread throughout the audience.

"What? Am I not mistaken? The Fulu Taoist Academy won just like that?"

"It seems that the Fulu Taoist Academy has indeed won!"

"That Wang Huan was too careless, he couldn't even beat the people from Fulu Dao Academy..."

"That's not the case... That Liu Xiu is not simple, she even has ice-type spiritual power..."

"It's not that Wang Huan is too careless, he's just too useless."


Just as Wang Huan was released from the freeze, gossip came from his ears, and his frozen purple face turned red, wishing he could find a place to drill down...

How arrogant he was just now is how arrogant he is now.

There was a bang, and Wang Huan fainted directly on the stage.

Seeing this, Gu Jing waved his hand, and two disciples came up to the stage and carried Wang Huan down.

"Cultivating the Tao first cultivates the mind!"

Gu Jing's voice floated in the air of the questioning field and reached everyone's ears.

"Wang Huan's temperament is uncertain. From now on, she will be stripped of her status as an outer disciple and transformed into a handyman disciple!"

As soon as this remark came out, every disciple present became even more nervous.

Chen Wenqing couldn't help sighing as she looked at the powerful and majestic figure standing in mid-air.

"Sure enough, it's a good plan! Once this statement is made, everyone will be in danger!"

"I'm afraid no one outside the disciples participating in the competition will dare to try their best!"

"It looks like it will definitely be a bloody battle!"

Gu Jing didn't care about the whispers and discussions among the outer disciples, and he took out two more bamboo sticks from the red box.

Gu Jing glanced lightly at the writing on the bamboo stick, and said lightly: "The second match, Li Youcai from the Fulu Taoist Academy, will face the autumn of the Shu Taoist Academy!"

All the disciples of the Fulu Dao Academy were shocked when they heard the words, and they all had a thought: "There are a total of six disciples in the Fulu Dao Academy, and there are disciples participating in two consecutive games! Could it be that there is something ulterior in it..."

Thinking of this, Zhong disciples all looked solemn!

Chen Wenqing's face was indifferent, and he turned to Li Youcai beside him and said with a smile: "Junior brother, now your way of talismans can be regarded as entering the room! You must do your best in this battle, and break out of our talisman Taoist academy." style!"

Cheng Jiaoyu on the side also patted Li Youcai on the shoulder, and said in a low voice: "Ji Qiu is the second disciple of the outer sect of the Daoist Academy of Art. It is said that he has a mid-stage Golden Core cultivation, and his "God Strike" technique is extraordinary!"

"If you have money, don't be more careful!"

Li Youcai looked at the concerned eyes of everyone in the Fulu Daoist Academy, his heart warmed up, and he said: "Qing Jiaoyu and fellow seniors, don't worry!"

"I, Li Youcai, will win this battle!"

After Li Youcai finished speaking, a tornado of wind rose from under his feet, lifted himself up slowly, and fell towards the arena of the Daoist Arena.

"What a coquettish way to appear!"

Everyone looked at Li Youcai's chubby figure and appeared in such a coquettish way, and they couldn't help but secretly despise him, but privately they thought that when it was his turn to appear on the stage, he must be even more flamboyant!

"Li Youcai! I know you!"

Ji Qiu saw Li Youcai falling from the sky in an extremely flamboyant posture and landed in front of him, so he spoke.

"I heard that you are called the Light of the Fulu Taoist Academy? Then let me see today, what is the so-called light of the Fulu Taoist Academy?!"

After Ji Qiu finished speaking, he launched a technique to attack Li Youcai.

"Tai Chi is divided into two forms, and the two forms are divided into four images, and the four images form eight trigrams!"

"Bagua Diagram! Go!"

I saw the aura gathering between the heaven and the earth, and the auras of aura formed Taiji Yinyang fish, and the Taiji Yinyang evolved into heaven, earth, wind, thunder, water and fire, mountains, and lake arrays, covering Li Youcai from the sky, trying to trap him in in.

"A big move as soon as you come up?"

As soon as Li Youcai landed on the ground, a Tai Chi diagram came head-on!

"You are also known as the second of the Daoist Academy?"

Li Youcai taunted, retreated quickly, pinched the finger formula in his hand, and the seven talismans lined up in the air, turned into seven paper cranes, and rushed upwards facing the Taiji diagram.

"Don't talk about martial arts! Watch me break your gossip array!"

Flames appeared on the surface of the seven paper cranes, and changed again when the Taiji diagram fell. The seven paper cranes suddenly became a hundred times larger and turned into seven huge fire birds...

The firebird collided with the Tai Chi array, making a series of violent explosion sounds. For a moment, the flames soared into the sky, dyeing half of the sky above the Daoist Arena red...

"You're doing well with the talisman in your hand! However, since that's the case, let me show you the fire-type Taoism of the Shu Dao Academy!"

The fire bird and the Taiji diagram fought to an even match, and in the end they all turned into nothingness, dissipating in the sky and the earth...

However, Li Youcai's seven firebirds flew into the sky, which really made everyone look more colorful. This made Ji Qiu want to compete, so he also planned to use the fire element method.

"Disciples please come and watch the gods, all things respect the god of fire, and the demons and ghosts around you turn into dust! The earth kills the fire, forgive me!"

Ji Qiu chanted the Vulcan mantra, smoke came out of his nose immediately, and he opened his mouth to breathe out, the raging flames turned into fire crows and flew towards him.

Seeing this, Li Youcai sneered, and said, "You actually want to compete with me in the fire system?"

"Then I'll show you the Fire Hell Seal I have newly mastered!"

A strong wind rose from Li Youcai's feet, holding his fat body to avoid the fire crows all over the sky, chanting mantras in his mouth and making seals in his hands.

"The fire is raging and the wind is galloping, turning into a prison yard. Snakes and tortoises run away, and lightning strikes lightning. The sky is dark and the sky is dark, and the universe changes. The sky is surrounded by nets, and swords and halberds are everywhere. Receive Tianxian. The division of thunder and fire, Senlie Tunlian."

"Marshal Tianpeng, be as urgent as a law! Fire hell seal, pardon!"

Li Youcai slapped it with a palm, and it turned into a huge palm print about ten feet high, with blue fireworks burning on the palm print...

"Boom!"

"Boom!"

"Boom!"


The fire crows all over the sky turned into green smoke under the huge palm print of the flame, making a bang bang sound.

"As for your half-baked flame technique, are you embarrassed to show it?"

Li Youcai easily wiped out the opponent's Fire Crow and started the mocking mode.

"Just like you, you are also known as the second in the Daoist Academy? Isn't there no one in the Daoist Academy?"

Don't look at Li Youcai's fatness, but he is not big-minded. From the beginning to the end, he remembered how the Shu Dao Academy mocked him at the beginning.

Those who mocked him, he will return them all today!

In fact, Li Youcai has only just learned the Fire Hell Sealing Technique.

However, the Huo Hell seal method is the real fire of ambiguity, which cannot be resisted by ordinary flames.

Chen Wenqing taught Li Youcai this Fire Prison Sealing Technique specially for today's contest.

Now it seems that the effect is good.

Ji Qiu's fire crow was extinguished, and now he was ridiculed by Li Youcai, and he was furious.

"Okay! Since you want to court death, then I will fulfill you!"

Ji Qiu felt that he shouldn't hide his clumsiness any more, so he inspired his whole body to pray to the gods.

"Disciple raises his eyes to look at the blue sky, all the patriarchs are beside him, eighteen arhats, twenty-four gods!"

"Help the disciples, teach the ruler to drag the knife, the dragged knife turns into goose feathers, the iron ruler turns into lamp grass, the iceberg stone turns into water bubbles, the whole body turns into copper skin and iron bones, turns into Taishan Mountain, wears twelve iron hats on the head, and wears twelve iron hats on the body. Twelve layers of iron armor, three layers of copper leather bags, and three layers of iron leather bags!"

"All the patriarchs, all the generals, help the disciples to send them quickly."

"Hurry up like a law!"

I saw, a blue smoke steamed up and flew towards the sky!

Immediately, a golden figure descended from the nine heavens, attached to Ji Qiu's body.

at this time.

Ji Qiu seemed to tremble, and opened his eyes again! A majestic and resonant voice sounded in the hearts of everyone.

"Who is calling this god?!"


		