

at this time.

The wind wants to move, the thunder wants to sound!

The sky seems to be angry, and everything is silent.

"I am Yue Changchun of the Longmen sect, and I wish to punish evil!"

"Fang Jing of Bailudong Academy, please punish the evil!"

"Shushan Sword Faction Chuhe, please punish the evil!"


Seeing this, Zhang Tong laughed and said, "Come on, let me see what your so-called decent sects are capable of. Today, no one can stop me from paying homage to the thirty-nine members of my Zhang family who died!"

"Let's attack together, kill!" The tall and thin Taoist Yue Changchun took the lead in attacking Zhang Tong, chanting a mantra: "Magic star evil spirits, ancient cave elves, raise your heads to look at each other, bow your heads to listen together, Liujia on the top, and Liujia on the bottom!" There are six Ding, harassment as a calendar, set to dry Thunder, the Supreme Commander, ordered me to carry out. Absolute evil curse, pardon!"

I saw Yue Changchun kicking out the whisk in his hand, turning into a ball of white silk thread and quickly tying it towards Zhang Tong, trying to trap him.

At this time, Jianxiu Fang Jing waved his sword and shouted: "The sword of Shushan comes from the sky, and it will never be returned if there is no blood! Yujianshu, go out!"

There were three swords flying out from Fang Jing's back, one fiery red flying sword, the whole body of the flying sword exuded fire light, one shiny white flying sword, the blade was cold, the other was golden sword, the sword Lightning flashed on it. The three swords attacked Zhang Tong with amazing momentum!

"A disciple of the Shushan Sword School? Not bad!" Zhang Tong ignored the ups and downs wrapped around his body, but nodded at the flying sword with great interest and said, "It's very imposing, but it's just that the cultivation base is too poor !"

After finishing speaking, Zhang Tong took two steps forward, and saw that with a movement of his body, he tore off the silk whisks wrapped around his body one by one. Zhang Tong stretched out his fingers and flicked three times on the body of the three flying swords. After the three flying swords made three crisp sounds, the flying swords broke and fell into the dust. And Jianxiu Fang Jing felt as if he had been hit hard, his meridians were all severed, he spat out a mouthful of blood, and fell into a coma.

Seeing this, Yue Changchun pulled out the peach-wood Fajian from behind, bit his index finger and drew a talisman with blood on the Fajian sword, saying in his mouth: "The heavens are spirited, the earth is spirited, pray for the gods, how did the gods ever exist?" Zhengxing. Dao transforms spirit, spirit transforms essence, essence transforms qi, and qi transforms spirit! I invite the upper body of the great god of the Santan Haihui to be as urgent as a law!"

Yue Changchun pointed the dharma sword at the sky, and soon a mighty fairy spirit fell on the dharma sword from above the sky, and Yue Changchun suddenly trembled all over, his face became violent, speaking with the accent of a seven or eight-year-old child , Said: "Where is the evildoer in front of you, see yourself and still kneel down and beg for mercy!"

Zhang Tong turned around, looked at the tall and thin Taoist in front of him and frowned, and said, "Please go to the upper body? Or the great god of the Santan Haihui, Nezha? I didn't expect this method to be usable now that we are separated from each other?" Zhang Tong felt The fairy aura emanating from the tall and thin Taoist in front of him made him dare not act rashly.

"No! Why is the aura of the immortal body so weak?" Zhang Tong suddenly realized, "Yes! With the separation between heaven and man, the coming of this immortal god does not come from heaven, but from the world to enshrine gods!"

"Hahaha, the Great God of the Santanhaihui?" Zhang Tong laughed loudly, "If you are a true god, I will be like an ant. However, you are just a ray of divine thoughts entrusted in the statue. I, Zhang Tong , not afraid of you!"

After Zhang Tong finished speaking, he actually launched an attack on "Yue Changchun" who was asking the upper body of the god. He turned into a cloud of gray smoke and entangled "Yue Changchun".

"Bold thief, dare to attack this god!" Yue Changchun's body was covered with golden light, suddenly flashed from the golden light, and Yue Changchun's body transformed into a dharma body with three heads and eight arms.

Behind "Yue Changchun" transformed into three heads and eight arms, he showed a ferocious appearance with blue face, fangs and red hair. Huntian satin, gold bricks, two fire-pointed spears, Kowloon divine fire cover, and a pair of Yin-Yang swords." A total of seven kinds of eight artifacts and magic weapons are used in total, and the two rounds of wind and fire are under the feet, majestic and daunting!

"Yue Changchun" grabbed the flaming gun and stepped on the hot wheel to kill Zhang Tong, but Zhang Tong could only turn into gray smoke and dodge left and right, not daring to face his sharp edge.

Soon the side hall could no longer bear the fight between the two, and collapsed, and Li Chengde and his dead family of eight were also buried among the rubble.

In the courtyard.

"Hahaha, little thief, now you know how powerful I am!" "Yue Changchun" pointed at Zhang Tong with a fire-tipped gun, with a disdainful smile on his face.

Zhang Tong said quietly: "The Great God of the Santanhaihui is certainly powerful, but it's a pity that you are just a touch of divine sense, and it's not in case. If, I guessed right, the power of your divine sense will fade soon, right?"

"What, how come?"

"Yue Changchun" was shocked when he heard the words, feeling that the golden light shining all over his body had become thinner, and the dharma body had become less solid, and said: "Sure enough, the power of mortals is too small, this god just got a little interested, It’s already gone! It’s really unlucky!”

Zhang Tong's body was full of yin, his face was covered with mysterious runes, and the runes revealed a bloodthirsty, evil, and gloomy aura.

"You have been chasing me for so long just now, so as a courtesy, please invite the third prince to taste my Taoism!"

Zhang Tong stirred up evil spirits all over his body, and turned into a huge tornado continuously circling towards the sky. In the center of the tornado, thunderbolts and lightning flashed, and a huge coercion came from the sky!

"Yin Escape Lightning Sect!"

A huge black lightning flashed with thunder and exuded a strong sinister aura and hit "Yue Changchun" head-on!

"It turned out to be a thunder? A mere evil spirit can control the thunder?"

Chen Wenqing watched helplessly as this huge thunderbolt approached from the sky, quickly engulfing "Yue Changchun", and it was too late to make a move.

"Boom!"

"Shhh..."

There was a burst of thunder, and Yue Changchun in the thunder did not fall down. After the thunder dissipated, two other strange voices came out suddenly.

"Hey... Isn't this the third prince? Now he is so down and out that he can't even deal with a little evil spirit!"

"Eighth Lord, don't be rude to the third prince! After all, the third prince has done a lot of good deeds to me, otherwise, he wouldn't use the last incense and mind power to send down a smear of spiritual thoughts when heaven and man are separated."

"Haha, Master Qi is right but I was wrong. Another day, I, Fan Wujiu, will make amends to the third prince."

"Okay! Since you two brothers are here, I don't care about this matter. Otherwise, I will be talked about by the immortal gods in the sky."

Chen Wenqing stood aside, her sky eyes opened. He has already felt that the two people in front of him carry huge and unpredictable power, which makes Chen Wenqing feel his own insignificance.

At this time, the voice of "Yue Changchun" was heard again: "The prince is gone, and I would like to remind the two of you to be careful. This evil is extraordinary, and you need to deal with it carefully. Otherwise, it is easy to capsize in the gutter!"

A cloudy wind blew past, revealing two figures, and Yue Changchun had exhausted his spiritual energy and was unconscious on the ground.

Chen Wenqing couldn't help shrinking his pupils when he saw this, and he was determined.

"It turns out that these two brothers have come! However, since these two brothers have already come, then there shouldn't be any troubles in the future!"

I saw two figures, one black and one white, standing in the courtyard at this time.

The white figure was smiling all over his face at this time, tall and thin, with a pale complexion, a long tongue sticking out, and the words "You are here" written on his official hat.

The black figure has a fierce face, a broad body and a fat body, a small black face, and the words "I'm catching you" written on the official hat.

Chen Wenqing immediately stepped forward and bowed his hands in salute.

"Chunyangzi, I have met the Seventh Master and the Eighth Master!"


		