

Chen Wenqing took over the order of the city god, and she was puzzled, so she asked.

"Ba Ye, it seems that you have prepared for this city god's decree?"

Hei Wuchang smiled and said, "That's right!"

"You proposed the Spark Project earlier, and Yan Jun has already approved it. Therefore, you can act boldly according to your thoughts!"

Chen Wenqing looked at the golden and iron City God's Token in his hand, but couldn't feel any weight in it. However, he suddenly felt that what he was receiving was not just a token, but an inexplicable burden.

For a while, I felt a little breathless.

"Why did you choose me?" Chen Wenqing didn't understand.

Ever since he encountered Impermanence in Black and White for the first time, he felt that the Underworld seems to be taking too much care of him!

Previously.

Not only did he grant himself a talisman from the Yin God, but he also gave himself the decree of the mountain god and the decree of the river god. Now, even the extremely important "City God Order" of the underworld has been given to him.

It's not just about paying attention.

There must be some key points in it, Chen Wenqing himself is not clear.

"This is Yan Jun's order. As for the reason, you will know the reason when you meet Yan Jun in person!"

"Meet Yan Jun?" Chen Wenqing was shocked.

After all, it doesn't matter whether it's past life or current life.

Hades, to anyone, is a god on high.

Chen Wenqing never thought that one day she would be able to meet Yan Jun in person.

Hei Wuchang said: "There is a god three feet above the head. Everything is under the gaze of the gods, and there is nothing to hide."

"Besides, since granting the talisman, both Qi Ye and I are extremely satisfied with everything you have done."

"Therefore, it is reasonable to grant you the position of City God today."

Chen Wenqing held the City God's Order, cupped his hands and said, "Xiao Dao thanked Ba Ye and Yin Si for their trust."

"However, since ancient times, people who have died have taken over the position of the Yin God. As a person of the Yang Dynasty, if the poor Daoist sets this precedent, will it cause trouble in vain?"

Hei Wuchang waved his hand and said, "The heaven and earth have undergone drastic changes, and now even the underworld, eighteen levels of hell, and even reincarnation and reincarnation have disappeared. In the future, it is not yet known what will happen to this world.

"Today, it's nothing more than pardoning the people in the yang world and enshrining the Yin god. Compared with it, it's just a trivial matter, and you don't need to make a fuss!"

Chen Wenqing already felt inexplicable pressure from Hei Wuchang's mouth. Although, Chen Wenqing also understands that the current situation of the human race is very worrying.

But Hei Wuchang also said the same, which means that something great will probably happen in the near future!

"Now you can also feel how rampant the demons and ghosts are in the world! It's just Heitie County, not only there are witches and Gu sects making trouble, but also evildoers open Buddhist temples in a majestic way, absorbing the power of incense and thoughts from the world."

"Besides, this phenomenon doesn't just happen in Heitie County, it's the whole world!"

Chen Wenqing was silent for a while after hearing the words. Said: "Witches and Gus are making trouble, and the poor Taoists have found the shadow of ghosts behind them. And the centipede spirit of Chanyin Temple has cultivated the true Buddha into an evil Buddha. But there is one thing that cannot be denied. That is, its heels must also follow. Extraordinary!"

In Chen Wenqing's mind, there is still a top Buddhist masterpiece "Fudo Ming Wang's Fury".

Obviously, the centipede who was killed by Chen Wenqing was certainly not simple.

"Humph!"

Hei Wuchang said: "That evildoer comes from Little Leiyin Temple."

"Little Leiyin Temple? Where is that?"

When Chen Wenqing first heard it, he couldn't help but think of the Little Leiyin Temple in "Journey to the West".

Hei Wuchang said: "Little Leiyin Temple is located in the Jialan Buddha Kingdom. It was originally a place where Buddhist powers lived in the world. But since the eternal separation between heaven and man, it has evolved into a Buddhist kingdom."

"The Jialan Buddha Kingdom worships Buddha and exterminates Taoism. If you go to the Jialan Buddha Kingdom in the future, you must not expose your identity as a Taoist cultivator, so as not to cause unreasonable disasters."

"So that's it! Thank you Ba Ye for letting me know." Chen Wenqing thanked.

"Baye! Besides, there is one more thing Xiaodao needs to ask."

"Well, let's hear it."

Chen Wenqing pointed to herself and said: "When the Witch Gu Sect was destroyed a few days ago, I accidentally got a curse from the ghost clan. I wonder if there is a way to get rid of it?"

"Oh? The power of the curse?"

Heiwuchang heard the words, and stretched out his hand to inject a cold spiritual power into Chen Wenqing's body, and it circulated for a week.

"It's okay! The power of this curse is not very strong, and the caster is only a late-stage Golden Core cultivation base."

Hei Wuchang said indifferently: "You are still at the early stage of Jindan, and the power of this curse is just making you unlucky."

"Unlucky?" Chen Wenqing asked in surprise.

"Hmm. Maybe it will make you choke when you eat, choke when you drink, fall when you walk, and you just can't break through the bottleneck...it won't affect much..."

"Does this affect much?"

A black line appeared on Chen Wenqing's forehead, and he couldn't complain in his heart.

"It's all so miserable, and you still say it won't affect much?"

"You can rest assured!"

Hei Wu saw Chen Wenqing's brooding expression, and said, "As long as your cultivation level breaks through to the late Golden Core stage in one fell swoop, the power of this curse will naturally be resolved."

Chen Wenqing let out a long sigh, and said, "But how difficult is it to break through to the late Golden Core stage at the early stage of Golden Core? Many cultivators spend their whole lives trying to reach the late Golden Core stage."

Hei Wuchang had his hands behind his back, his eyes were like torches, as if watching the long river of time.

"If you swallow a golden pill, you will know that my fate is up to me!"

"Golden Core's lifespan is five hundred years, and it is the real moat that separates ordinary people and those who practice the Tao. If you cross it, you will be free and easy; if you cannot cross it, you will become a dead bone."

Chen Wenqing sighed: "Five hundred years of life seems to be a long time, but unfortunately I have five elements of miscellaneous spiritual roots, the speed of cultivation is extremely slow, and it consumes countless cultivation resources..."

"I've heard about this matter from Master Qi," Hei Wuchang said indifferently, "As long as you find the five-element elixir, you can gradually replenish your aptitude."

Chen Wenqing's heart moved when he heard the words, he poured out a elixir like a sweet potato stem from the storage bag, handed it to Hei Wuchang, and said, "Please hold your eyes and see where this elixir comes from?"

Hei Wuchang took the elixir from Chen Wenqing's hand, and said in amazement: "I didn't expect you to find a gold elixir so quickly!"

"This elixir is Jinjing Dizhizhi. Eating it can increase the spiritual power of the gold system, and let the spiritual power be sharpened. Once used, it will be unstoppable!"

Hei Wuchang was amazed by Chen Wenqing's good luck, he didn't expect to get a five-element elixir by accident, and this kind of elixir with the power of five elements is hard to find.

"Maybe it's because of the treasure hunting mouse?"

Heiwuchang looked at Xiao Huihui at the side, then shook his head again.

"This is no longer luck, but luck!"

"After all, the future of this son's past life is so hazy that even Yan Jun can't see through it..."


the next day.

Chen Wenqing, Li Youcai and others have recovered their spiritual power and are preparing to return to Zixia Temple.

at this time.

Chen Wenqing handed a black jade talisman to Li Youcai, and said, "Junior brother! Now I'm lacking in spirit and soul, and I can't use the way of talisman. This time, I need to work hard on you when I return to Zixia Temple!"

The talisman that Chen Wenqing took out is called the "Great Void Shifting Talisman", which contains the power of space.

As the name suggests, it can break people through the void by casting spells and teleport them thousands of miles away. Therefore, whether this talisman is used to travel or avoid enemies, it is an extremely precious talisman.

A month ago, Chen Wenqing temporarily left Zixia Temple to avoid disaster.

When parting, Cheng Jiaoyu gave this talisman to Chen Wenqing. The purpose is to allow them to return to Zixia Temple in time to participate in the Zongmen Grand Competition.

"The Void Teleportation Talisman?" Li Youcai was horrified!

"Isn't this the talisman magic power of the temple master?"


		