

"No, we must catch up! Otherwise, I have put in so much hard work, wouldn't it be in vain!"

Chen Wenqing was so anxious that she didn't dare to stop at all, and ran towards the gate at high speed.

"Looking at the figure, it seems to be Senior Brother Zhang Qian? That's right, it's Senior Brother Zhang!" Chen Wenqing looked closely and found that he was an acquaintance, and couldn't help but be overjoyed, shouting loudly while running.

"Senior Brother Zhang, Senior Brother Zhang! Please wait, don't close the door yet!"

Following Chen Wenqing's quick cry, the movement of closing the vermilion door stopped. Immediately, a figure came out from behind the door, it was Zhang Qian.

Zhang Qian looked at Chen Wenqing who was standing in front of him, bending over and panting heavily, and said with a smile: "Junior Brother Chen is really accurate at timing! He will never show up until the last moment!"

"Junior Brother Yang Xu bet me that you would never come here. It seems that I still won!"

Chen Wenqing panted when she heard the words, and said, "Senior Brother Zhang, I'm sorry! I...was delayed by trifles, so I'm late! Brother Lao is really worried about me, and I am very grateful!"

Yang Xu also came out from the vermilion gate at this time, stood in front of Chen Wenqing and said, "Okay! I will save these words of thanks for later. The time has come and the assessment is about to start, you should hurry in! Brother Zhang is right. You have high expectations, I hope you will not let us down!"

"Okay! Thanks to the two senior brothers, I will take my leave first."

Chen Wenqing bowed deeply to Zhang Qian and Yang Xu again, and then hurriedly ran towards the door.

Yang Xu frowned slightly as he watched Chen Wenqing leaving in a hurry, and said to Zhang Qian who was standing aside: "Brother, why are you so tolerant of a handyman disciple? This person is not only late for registration, but also late for the assessment. Why does senior brother still look at him differently?"

Zhang Qian chuckled and said, "Because of his eyes!"

"Junior Brother Yang, you should know that before I became a Taoist priest, my identity was the silver medal headhunter of the Black Ice Terrace Detective Department. It can be said that I have seen countless people, and now I rarely see such persistent and firm eyes. I have a kind of I have a hunch that Chen Wenqing will be extraordinary in the future."

"As for giving convenience, it should be a good relationship! If this person is really not good, it can only mean that I was wrong!"

Chen Wenqing came to a square paved with bluestones, and saw that there was a crowd of people in the square, and a long queue had already formed. Looking around, the end of the entire queue is a three-foot-high stone platform. On the stone platform is a desk made of red cloth. On both sides of the desk, there were two purple banners. On the left banner was written "Spiritual Root Test", while on the right banner were written "Drawing for Examination" in large characters.

"It seems that the first round of assessment is about cultivation and spiritual roots. I don't know what kind of spiritual root I am, and whether it will affect the subsequent assessments!"

Chen Wenqing was thinking in her heart, but she didn't notice that the person in front of Chen Wenqing suddenly turned around. He cupped his hands towards Chen Wenqing and said, "Little brother, I'm Li Youcai, it's very polite to meet you for the first time."

Chen Wenqing narrowed her eyes, and said in her heart: "Oh, good guy! How can there be such a fat person in the world, with this round face, he looks just like a ball! It's really rare in my life!"

However, Chen Wenqing withdrew his gaze without changing his expression, cupped his hands and said, "I'm Chen Wenqing, nice to meet you!"

"Little brother, I think you should be dressed as a Zixia Taoist priest. I don't know if there are any regulations for the assessment?"

"Brother Li, please be polite. I'm just a Taoist priest of the Zixia Temple. I only know that the assessment is divided into two parts. The first part is to test the cultivation level and spiritual root, and the second part is to test the talent of cultivation. I don't know the rest. "

Hearing this, Li Youcai showed a smile on his chubby round face, and said, "Haha, thank you little brother for letting me know. But I don't know what cultivation level you are now? Which Taoist academy do you plan to take?"

"I'm only in the mid-stage of Qi refining. As for which Taoist academy to take the exam, I haven't decided yet! I don't know which direction I choose to practice as He Linggen."

Chen Wenqing paused, turned his eyes and said, "Speaking of which, I don't know what your plan is, Brother Li?"

"Alas! To be honest, little brother, I was originally a scholar, a Confucianism cultivator. But my Confucianism and Taoism aptitude is limited, and after more than ten years of cultivation, I am no more than a human being. After the Confucianism cultivator was hopeless, I had to switch from Confucianism to Daoism. And Daoist cultivators, It's just in the late stage of Qi refining!"

"Confucianism cultivator? What is that?" Chen Wenqing asked in confusion.

"Cultivation of Confucianism is the method of cultivation for scholars. For example, poetry, song and fu, piano, chess, calligraphy and painting can all be practiced."

"The so-called, literature is used to convey Tao. Confucianism cultivation, through a special method of practice, can gather the scholarly spirit in the heart, and the spirit will form a talent, and the talent will gather to form a Confucianism, and the Confucianism will be transformed into a righteousness!"

"With the deepening of Confucianism and Taoism, one can speak the words of the sky, and one word can become a prophecy. It can also detect the future and go back to the past."

"You can have a photographic memory, and your tongue is full of spring thunder. Even a single word can defeat a million soldiers!"

"Moving mountains and crossing seas is easy! Chasing the wind and holding the moon are no problem! The power of the gods is unpredictable, and ghosts and gods are easy to understand."

Chen Wenqing was shocked when he heard the words. It seems that this world is not as simple as he imagined, and it is not a pure world of Taoism.

When Chen Wenqing heard this, he thought of the ancient imperial examination system in his previous life. Many students were also poor, and they didn't achieve anything until the end. Can't help sighing: "Everything can't be forced. Although it is difficult for brother Li to become Confucianism and Taoism, he may have amazing talents in Taoism. In the future, he may practice Taoism at a rapid pace!"

Li Youcai said: "Hahaha! Then thank you little brother for your good words!"

Chen Wenqing chatted with Li Youcai, unknowingly time passed slowly, and finally only Li Youcai and Chen Wenqing were left as examiners.

Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai stepped onto the stone platform and came to the desk. I saw a huge bamboo tube on the table, which was filled with bamboo sticks, and each bamboo stick had a different number written on it. Standing next to the bamboo tube is a stone that is crystal clear and glowing with green light. On the surface of the stone, there are complex patterns and carved talismans.

Li Youcai took three steps forward, and said to the four Taoist priests in front of the desk: "I, Li Youcai, have met all the high priests."

"Well, the four of us are the teachers of the outer sect. Now start testing the resources, and put your hands on the spirit stone."

Hearing this, Li Youcai put his hands on the spirit-testing stone, and after a while the spirit-testing stone emitted a khaki-yellow light.

At this time, the teaching instruction on the left side said: "Late-stage Qi Refining Realm cultivation, top-level aptitude, earth spirit root. Not bad, you can pass!"

"In addition, it is recommended that you choose Dan Dao Academy or Array Dao Academy. The earth root is helpful for the cultivation of elixir, and it can also be combined with the terrain to practice formation."

Li Youcai's face trembled when he heard the words, suppressing the ecstasy in his heart, he cupped his hands and said, "Li Youcai, thank you for your guidance!"

"Well, let's draw lots! After the draw is over, then participate in the next round of assessment."

Finally, with Li Youcai's departure, only Chen Wenqing was left to participate in the assessment. He took a deep breath and said, "Chen Wenqing, the handyman disciple, has met all the Taoist priests!"

"That's right, it's rare for a handyman disciple to have such ambition! Let's get started!"

Chen Wenqing put both hands on the spirit-testing stone, and soon the spirit-testing stone emitted a colorful light. Just when Chen Wenqing was wondering, a light voice came.

"Chen Wenqing, in the mid-stage of Qi Refining. Five Elements Miscellaneous Spiritual Roots...Aptitude Class C!"

Chen Wenqing was shocked: "My cultivation aptitude is only middle class C? Or is it miscellaneous spiritual root?"

The mixed spirit root of the five elements refers to the five elements of gold, wood, water, fire, and earth, but each attribute is mediocre and not outstanding. Therefore, although a person with five elements and miscellaneous spiritual roots can practice five different attributes of Taoism, in fact, no matter which Taoism is practiced, it will be very slow.

"Chen Wenqing, with your aptitude and cultivation base, you barely passed this time. However, I want to remind you that there is a great possibility that you will not pass the subsequent assessment."

"You must know that each Taoist school recruits a different focus. For example, the disciples recruited by the Pill Taoist school are often disciples who have a deep understanding of medicine and fire, and they tend to recruit wood spirit roots and earth spirit roots. And The Shu Dao Academy has relatively high requirements for the qualifications of practitioners, and the recruited practitioners have a high affinity for the vitality and aura between heaven and earth. They are relatively single-rooted disciples, and your miscellaneous spirit practice will be very slow."

"In addition, the Daoist Array mainly produces incredible power through the changes of Yin and Yang in the five elements, combined with the magic of heaven and earth. Not only do you need to understand the formation method, but you also prefer gold, fire, and earth spirit roots, and you are not willing to accept disciples with miscellaneous spirit roots."

"Only in the remaining Talisman Taoist Temple, maybe you will have a chance."

"The Taoist Temple of Fulu? I have heard that the Taoist Temple of Fulu is the worst Taoist temple in Zixia Temple. I..."

"You're right! The Way of Talismans really requires the lowest qualifications and spiritual roots."

"The way of talismans is to communicate the vitality of heaven and earth through talismans. The practice of the way of talismans requires the practitioner to devote all his energy and spirit, so the practice is also very hard, and the practice process is quite boring. That's why the way of talismans is created. There are very few successful practitioners!"

"However, what I want to tell you is that there is no worst monastery, only the worst ascetics. Now it seems that the Alchemy Daoist Academy, the Array Daoist Academy, and the Martial Arts Academy are all unattainable for you. So, you want to join the Fulu Dao courtyard?"

At this time, Chen Wenqing thought that in his previous life, in order to understand the mystery of the heavenly book, he spent three years researching a large number of talismans, but he did not expect that today he would really walk on the way of talismans!

"Practice talismans? This may also be an opportunity!"


		