

"Brother, brother, what's wrong with you, wake up..."

As Chen Wenqing fell down, Li Youcai panicked, supported Chen Wenqing with one hand, looked at the crowd, and said, "Everyone, think of a way to save Senior Brother Chen."

"Little Taoist priest, the wound is black and there is black air coming out. It looks like he has been poisoned by the rat demon. You have to ask the rat demon to untie the bell."

County magistrate Wang walked up to the mouse demon and said, "Prince Chunyang Xiaodao was injured by your demon poison, quickly take out the antidote, or you can be punished lightly, otherwise you will die!"

"This poison is a natural talent of the Rat Clan, it is not acquired through cultivation, and there is no cure for the old."

"What?! You bastard, how dare you hurt my senior brother, what use is it for me to keep you!" Li Youcai heard this, took the steel knife from Wang County Magistrate, and was about to strike at the mouse demon.

"Death!" Li Youcai shouted.

At this moment, a weak voice came from the ruined temple, "Stop! Don't kill my grandpa..."

As soon as the words fell, a rat demon dressed as a child, equivalent to a human being six or seven years old, holding an official seal in his hand, suddenly appeared in front of everyone out of thin air.

"Please let my grandfather go, this is the official seal you are looking for, I will return it to you."

At this time, the rat demon became excited when he saw the child's appearance. "Little Huihui, didn't I tell you to escape? Why are you still here, and you still throw yourself into a trap and run in."

"Grandpa, Xiao Huihui doesn't want you to die, Xiao Huihui wants to be with grandpa." After finishing speaking, the child knelt down to touch the tight rope that bound the mouse demon, and tears the size of peas fell down.

"Ah... Xiao Hui Hui you..." The mouse demon let out a long sigh, with a sad expression on his haggard face, tears flickering in his eyes.

County magistrate Wang looked at Xiao Huihui who was weeping, and saw that there was no evil spirit in him, but a faint aura, as if he had thought of something.

"I ask you, little mouse, how did you avoid our detection. We have searched the ruined temple several times, but we have not found any trace of you."

"Don't talk about Xiao Huihui, human beings are insidious and cunning, and they are extremely greedy...cough cough cough..." The rat demon coughed violently, blood stains overflowed from the corner of his mouth as he coughed, and the blood stains were covered with ashes. black.

"Rat demon, it looks like you are running out of time. If you want your grandson to be safe, you'd better not play any tricks. Answer me honestly, otherwise both of you, grandson and grandson, will die!" County magistrate Wang frowned and held the official seal in his hand. With the blessing of luck in a county, the two rat demons trembled under the suppression of the official authority.

"Sigh...Xiao Huihui is a treasure hunting spirit mouse. He has the talent to conceal supernatural powers and can ignore ordinary enchantment formations. Although you surrounded the ruined temple like an iron bucket, you couldn't stop Xiao Hui Hui, have pity on my grandson, Xiao Huihui, you are so stupid!" The mouse demon was already desperate at this time, looking at Xiao Huihui with loving eyes.

"I will give you one last chance to cure the rat poison of Taoist Master Chunyang. Otherwise, you two rats will steal the official seal and seize the luck of Liuchen County, no matter which one is a capital crime!"

Hearing the words, the rat demon seemed to see a glimmer of hope in it, struggled up and knelt down on his knees, and said: "If this old man has a way to save this little Taoist leader, can you spare me, Sun Xiaohuihui? After all, stealing the official seal, forcing The seizing of luck was all done by the old man alone, and had nothing to do with Xiao Huihui. Moreover, Xiao Huihui has not committed any crimes so far, so the Wang Guan family will punish him lightly."

"Okay! The county promises you that as long as you can cure Chunyang Road Master, you, Sun Xiaohuihui, will be given a lighter sentence. However, as for how to deal with it, we will wait until Chunyang Road Master wakes up."

Hearing this, the mouse demon said happily, "Old man, thank you for your forgiveness." With a solemn expression, he said to Xiao Huihui: "Son, come here, grandpa will tell you what to do."

The mouse demon gently gave Xiao Huihui an opportunity. After a while, Xiao Huihui came to Chen Wenqing and squatted down, seeing the little Taoist priest in front of him in a coma, with a pained expression on his face, and said in a low voice.

"Grandpa said, you will be my master from now on, I want Xiao Huihui to follow you and obey you obediently. Xiao Huihui doesn't understand, but Xiao Huihui believes in grandpa."

At this moment, Xiao Huihui suddenly grabbed Chen Wenqing's wrist and bit it down...

A blue halo emerged from Chen Wenqing's bitten wrist, and a blue rune suddenly appeared. The runes are ancient and mysterious, exuding azure blue light, illuminating Chen Wenqing's pale face.

"What are you doing?" Li Youcai was angry from the heart, and was about to go forward to argue, but saw Chen Wenqing's wound bleeding with black blood and black air, and gradually healed.

A smile appeared on the haggard face of the rat demon, and he breathed a sigh of relief, "This is the spirit beast contract. Now Xiao Huihui has become the spirit beast of Mr. Chen Xiaodao, which is equivalent to recognizing Mr. Xiaodao as his master. And Xiao Huihui will accompany Xiaodao for a lifetime."

"In this way, Xiao Huihui will be guaranteed, so I can rest assured."

Hearing this, County Magistrate Wang said, "It's unreasonable, you still dare to plot against us now. Could it be that the sword in our hands is not sharp enough?"

"Don't be angry with the officials. Xiao Huihui is one of the best spirit rats in my rat clan. Not only can it help the host to hunt for treasures, but it also treats the enchantment formation as nothing. How many cultivators dream of spiritual pets."

"In the final analysis, Chen Xiaodao's morale is lucky." The mouse demon talked about Xiao Huihui at this time, and he didn't know how proud he was.

"Hmph! Don't brag about yourself there. We'll wait until senior brother wakes up." Li Youcai obviously didn't believe what the rat demon said, and still said angrily.

County Magistrate Wang nodded and said, "In that case, let's go back to the county office first and wait for the Taoist chief to wake up."

The yamen servants escorted two mouse monsters, one big and one small, and they returned to Liuchen County in a long queue with torches. When they got halfway, Chen Wenqing had already woken up.

At this time, it was late at night, and everyone had already arrived in front of the yamen.

County magistrate Wang stopped in front of the yamen, and said to Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai: "Two priests, please bring the two demons with me and come in with me. The rest of you stand here and don't act rashly if you hear any sound , let alone come in!"

"Yes, the little ones take orders."

County Magistrate Wang nodded, and led Chen Wenqing, Li Youcai and the two demons towards the "City God's Office" on the right. At this moment, the door of the City God's Office, which was originally locked, suddenly opened, and a chilly wind blew out from the City God's Office, chilling the minds and bodies of the servants.

As soon as everyone stepped into the City God's Office, the gate of the City God's Office slowly closed by itself, but at this time the City God's Office was also lit with green lights, illuminating the City God's Office.

At this time, I saw a middle-aged man sitting in front of the main hall, with leopard eyes and lion nose, long cheeks and long beard, wearing a square crown and long robe, looking at everyone. On both sides of the middle-aged man's lower hand, there is a yin god in the shape of a bull's head, and on the right side is a yin god in the shape of a horse face.

And there are two rows of servants standing on the left and right under the steps of the main hall, holding knives, guns, swords and halberds, and the whole body is full of cold air. It's just that the body of the guard is illusory and has no substance, and it looks like a ghost soldier.

"Magistrate Wang, can you find the official seal?" The middle-aged man in front of the main hall said.

"Well, we have found them. These two demons are the culprits who stole the official seal this time, and they have been arrested. How to judge, I ask Qin Chenghuang to come up with an idea."

"However, in the process of looking for the official seal this time, the two masters of Zixiaguan made great efforts. And this Chen Xiaodao master defeated the rat monster with his own strength. However, some accidents happened later."

"Oh? What accident?"

County magistrate Wang said: "Master Chen Xiaodao was unfortunately poisoned by rats. However, the mouse demon rescued Mr. Chen Xiaodao when he was in danger. Now he has passed the secret method and recognized Mr. Chen Xiaodao as the master. This matter involves Given that people in the world of our world live together with evil spirits, how to judge the case may still have to be reckoned with."

Hearing this, Qin Chenghuang came down from Zhengda, came to Chen Wenqing, looked at the seal on his arm, frowned, and said: "Well, stealing the official seal is a capital crime. But, I just saw the seal on Chen Daochang's arm. The talisman is not an ordinary talisman, but a sacrificial seal. The "sacrifice seal" has already connected the lifespan and luck of the two, so it is tricky."

"What Qin Chenghuang said is true. The mouse demon is surrounded by spiritual energy. It should be that he has never done anything evil, so it is better to deal with it leniently. As for the mouse demon, he does not have a few days to live. Just act according to the law."

"Well, that's fine."

Chen Wenqing hadn't made a sound since he came to the "City God's Office". Seeing that the matter had been settled, doubts suddenly arose in his heart, so he couldn't help but speak.

"I don't know anything about Chen Chunyang, Zixia, a poor Taoist priest. I hope Lord Chenghuang can clarify."

Qin Chenghuang glanced at Chen Wenqing, felt the round and undisturbed Taoist magic power coming from Chen Wenqing, and nodded. Said: "Zixia Guan is a decent sect of Taoism, and has many contacts with my Yin Division. If you have any questions, you might as well say it clearly."

Chen Wenqing heard the words and said: "Pindao heard that the city god's office is a yin god, and it was originally under the jurisdiction of the underworld. But now, Pindao sees so many yin gods and yin soldiers in the world. Yin and yang were originally separated, but now yin and yang are mixed. If it goes on like this, it will cause disaster!"

"I didn't expect Xiao Daoist to have such insight at such a young age. Thinking about the living beings nowadays, I'm afraid they are used to the coexistence of humans, ghosts and monsters. I have been the city god for eight hundred years, but it has been a long time since anyone has heard of this matter."

Qin Chenghuang sighed deeply, and then said: "Thousands of years ago, Yin and Yang were separated. The world and the underworld are indeed separated, separated by the Ghost Gate Pass, the Naihe Bridge, the Sansheng Stone, and the Wangchuan River..."

"But, I don't know why."

"The gate of hell has collapsed!"

"The bridge of Naihe collapsed!"

"The Wangchuan River has dried up!"

"There is no boundary between the world and the underworld. Since then, demons have been in chaos, ghosts and ghosts are rampant, and the five turbid worlds have been in a thousand years!"

Hearing this, Chen Wenqing clenched her fists tightly and said.

"The underworld is empty, and the demons are in the world!"


		