

"Why must I be put to death?" Chen Wenqing was puzzled.

"What are you? It's not worth planning to kill you at all! What we care about is the voting rights in the hands of the Fulu Taoist Academy. As long as the Fulu Taoist Academy collapses, the voting rights will be gone."

Chen Wenqing understood in her heart, and said: "So, you were arranged by the assistant viewer, representing the interests of the deputy viewer? You have talked to me so much, which means that I will definitely die today?"

"You're not stupid, since you've figured it out, then go die!" The disciple of the Shu Dao Academy said confidently, "My secret technique-Mist Dafa has been cultivated to the extreme, which can not only isolate the five senses, but also isolate the spiritual consciousness. You can't see what's going on inside at all from the outside, no one knows what kind of magic we use to kill you."

"Do it!"

At this time, Chen Wenqing's four senses were isolated, as if she was in chaos, completely unable to judge the direction of the opponent's moves.

The so-called five consciousnesses are eye consciousness, ear consciousness, nose consciousness, tongue consciousness, and body consciousness. Now Chen Wenqing only has the ear consciousness and can hear the sound, and the other four consciousnesses have disappeared.

Bitter murderous intent came from all directions, Chen Wenqing's mind was moved, and he recited the mantra in a low voice: "The law of the sky is clear, the law of the earth is spirited, the essence of yin and yang, and the spirit of water appear. Spiritual light and water capture, reach the sky and reach the earth, the law is promoted, the law of yin and yang The mirror. The true form appears quickly, the true form appears quickly, and I obey Sanqing's order as fast as the law!"

"Sky eyes, open!"

Chen Wenqing's celestial eyes, half-opened between brows, have been fully opened. The celestial eyes exude divine light, and the thick mist where they shine has been seen through. Immediately, all five senses and five senses have been restored.

Where the eyes of the sky looked, there was no trace of evildoers. In the thick fog, five ghosts and another disciple of the Taoist school had already rushed forward, and they came in front of Chen Wenqing.

"The other party doesn't even know that my Sky Eye has the ability to break barriers, so I can pretend to be unaware of everything, and take the opportunity to hit me!" Chen Wenqing thought of this, and stood in the thick fog holding the Dragon Slaying Sword in his hand. As if not aware of it.

With a stab of a sword, the cold edge of the sword has already made Chen Wenqing's skin shiver. Chen Wenqing also clearly saw the excited and cruel expressions of the disciples of the Shu Dao Academy. It seems that Chen Wenqing will definitely die under the edge of his sword in the next second .

"Die!" Jian Feng, a disciple of the Shu Dao Academy, barely slid across Chen Wenqing's chest, and he was only a hair's breadth away from making Chen Chenwen hate him on the spot!

Chen Wenqing smiled softly in his heart, he seemed to have seen the surprised expression on the faces of the disciples of the Shu Dao Academy.

"Sorry!" Chen Wenqing's dragon-slaying sword passed by like a strong wind, a bloody arrow gushed out, and an arm fell in response.

"In fact, I can see yours!"

Chen Wenqing held the dragon-slaying sword in his hand, the edge of the sword was as cold as autumn water, and the blade was not stained with blood.

The yellow talisman flew out of Chen Wenqing's hand and stuck to the disciples of the Shu Dao Academy.

"Fix body technique, seal!"

"No more fearless struggles, I don't want to kill you!"

"yes?"

A cold voice came, "You seem to think that you have a sure chance of winning?"

at this time.

Five fierce ghosts swarmed over, some wanted to control Chen Wenqing's possession, and some directly wanted to suck Chen Wenqing's vitality...

“Delusion!”

Chen Wenqing shouted loudly, his body was covered with a thin layer of golden light, separating the five ghosts.

"Boom"

"Boom"

"Boom"


The five ghosts were blocked by the golden light curse, unable to cause any harm to Chen Wenqing.

"What kind of technique are you doing? It doesn't look like the way of talisman?" Seeing that Chen Wenqing had no choice but to do anything, the disciple of Shudao Academy shouted.

"It's true that I'm not the way of talismans, but you said a word, the way of Taoism that can deal with people is a good way. Since you can use evil ways, then it's only natural for me to use other ways of Taoism besides the way of talismans."

"You are destined to be like this, what can you do for it?!" Chen Wenqing said, "This is the secret technique "Golden Light Curse", which exorcises evil and avoids evil, and is invincible. How can a mere ghost break my Golden Light Curse!"

Upon hearing this, the disciples of Shu Dao Academy said hysterically: "No, you can't use other Taoism methods except the Tao of Talismans, it's not fair to us!"

"Unfair? Hehe, you have even used sorcery, and now you are telling me it's unfair? Could it be that you decide whether the rules are fair or not?" Chen Wenqing laughed.

The disciples of Shu Dao Academy seemed unable to accept the current results, and said to Chen Wenqing: "Your Fulu Dao Academy should have fallen and sunk in this history. Why are you struggling and doing things in vain?"

Chen Wenqing held the Dragon Slaying Sword tightly, and said coldly: "I'm sorry, I'm afraid it will be difficult for you to get what you want!" After speaking, a sword light flashed across, and the five ghosts turned into flying ash and disappeared into the air.

"What other means do you have, just use it, or the next blow will kill you!" Chen Wenqing said proudly holding the Dragon Slaying Sword.

"You are really deceiving people too much!", the disciple of the Shu Dao Academy was extremely angry, chanting mantras in his mouth, and walking like his fighting technique, "I have a ghoul magic trick, if you can beat it, I can only let it go Slaughter!"

Chen Wenqing waved the dragon-slaying sword, and said with a smile: "Ghoul Dafa? It sounds like a sorcery again. It seems that your disciples of the Dao Academy have not learned the decent techniques well, but have learned the evil techniques all over the place! I want to see it." Let's see what chance you have to come back!"

"Okay! Then I'll let you experience the horror of this "Ghoul Dafa"!" After finishing speaking, the disciple of the Shu Dao Institute summoned two ghouls to kill Chen Wenqing.

The so-called ghoul is to integrate the ghost into the corpse, refining and combining them into one body. Ghouls are invulnerable to swords and guns, invulnerable to water and fire, extremely difficult to deal with!

Chen Wenqing swung the dragon-slaying sword, leaving white marks on the ghoul's body, but he couldn't really cause real damage to the ghoul!

"This is troublesome! It seems that this ghoul is not easy to deal with!" Chen Wenqing kept slashing, but he couldn't stop the ghoul from advancing! "Sure enough, the dragon-slaying swordsmanship is not yet powerful, and it seems that after this incident, you must practice the dragon-slaying swordsmanship successfully, otherwise, once you get close, there is nothing you can do!"

Chen Wenqing kept retreating, and the ghouls kept attacking and killing Chen Wenqing!

"Hey!"

Chen Wenqing was cut open by the ghoul, blood continued to flow out, and a cold black air blew from the wound.

"No! If this continues, I won't be able to resist anymore. I must win with one blow!" Chen Wenqing's heart turned sharply, and she chanted a mantra: "Fix the body, pardon me!"

The aura gathered in the air, and a "fixing charm" formed by the aura gathered formed to hit the ghoul!

"Certainly!"

Chen Wenqing shouted loudly, and the "fixing body talisman" immobilized the ghoul.

"Look at the thunder in my palm!" The thunder light in Chen Wenqing's hand flickered, a thunder light sounded from Chen Wenqing's palm, and hit the wight...

"Death!" Chen Wenqing gathered the spiritual energy of his whole body in the palm of his hand, and there was a thunderous lightning in his palm. The lightning exuded a breathtaking aura. Ashes to ashes.

Chen Wenqing stood on the arena, looked at the disciples of the Shu Dao School indifferently, and said, "It seems that you are going to lose!"


		