

"I'm really not reconciled!"

Everyone closed their eyes, waiting for death to come.

Right now.

A mass of fire marks descended from the sky, carrying a raging flame, and slapped the menacing monster under the yellow sand.

"Fire Hell Seal!"

"amnesty!"

The demons were scorched by the flames and screamed pitifully.

A figure descended from the sky and landed in front of everyone.

"Jiaoyu, senior brothers, are you alright?"

Li Youcai greeted with concern.

"Haha, it's Junior Brother Li... Junior Brother Li, we're fine!"

"We finally found you!"

Seeing Li Youcai's appearance, everyone felt hopeless in their hearts, and they couldn't help but get excited.

"Brother Li, why don't you see Brother Wenqing? Why isn't he with you?"

Cheng Jiaoyu watched Li Youcai appear, and while excited, also found that Chen Wenqing was not together.

Hearing this, Li Youcai lost his expression, with a face full of frustration.

"Brother, he... is gone."

"I've been looking for senior brother for more than ten days, but I still haven't found him..."

When Cheng Jiaoyu heard this, he frowned tightly.

"what on earth is it?"

"What exactly did you encounter here?"

"Why did you separate?"

Everyone raised questions in their hearts.

Li Youcai said: "It's better to repel these monsters first, and when everyone is safe, I will explain them in detail."

After speaking, Li Youcai launched an attack on the monster.

"Confucianism-Jin Ge Iron Horse."

"Confucianism - all arrows shoot together."

"Fire Talisman - Forgiveness!"

"Great Wind Art - Forgiveness!"


Li Youcai practiced Confucianism and Taoism, integrated Confucianism and Taoism, and started to fight back against endless demons.

A series of talismans, a series of Confucianism and Daoism complement each other, and they have repelled the endless demons by a lot.

‘You can’t stay here long! "

Li Youcai shouted urgently, and saw him clenching his fingers, and a yellow talisman turned into smoke and enveloped the demons.

"Heaven and earth are boundless, the universe borrows the law, the talisman - the art of fog concealment!"

"amnesty!"

immediately.

A dense fog rises from under the yellow sand, covering the entire space.

"Everyone, take the opportunity to escape!"

Li Youcai pinched his fingers and shouted.

"What about you?"

Seeing that Li Youcai was increasing his spiritual power at this time and maintaining the "Mist Concealment Technique", Liu Xiu had no intention of leaving.

"You don't need to worry about me, I will have a way to leave later. You go, I can't last long with such a large-scale spell."

Li Youcai frowned with sweat, and said eagerly.

"No! We can't leave you here alone. Let's go together..."

Chen Mo said resolutely, standing with Li Youcai, and input the remaining spiritual power into Li Youcai's body.

"Hurry up! If you don't leave, everyone will not be able to leave..."

Cheng Jiaoyu said at this time: "If you have money, our Fulu Daoist Academy has no tradition of stealing life. Even if you die, you must die dignifiedly!"

The crowd did not move, but stood side by side with Li Youcai.

"Teacher, you... senior brothers... oh..."

Li Youcai let out a long sigh, and stopped the input of spiritual power from the "Mist Concealment Technique".

Soon, the thick fog dispersed, and the voices of the people in the Fulu Daoist Academy reappeared.

"Hahaha... stupid human beings, if you have a chance to escape, you will not escape, you would rather die!"

"If that's the case, I'll fulfill you!"

A leopard demon laughed loudly, with contempt and disdain in his eyes, leading a group of monsters to prepare for the final attack.

"Life is what I want, and righteousness is what I want! Whoever sacrifices life for righteousness is benevolence!"

Li Youcai said calmly to the leopard demon.

"I don't like Confucianism. What you say is all hypocrisy. Living is the most real thing."

"Since you are willing to seek death, then this demon will let you die a worthy death!"

"Little ones, tear them apart!"

The leopard demon is obviously the leader of all the demons, giving orders to all kinds of monsters.

then.

Groups of all kinds of monsters rushed towards the disciples of Fulu Taoist Academy.

In Li Youcai's left hand, he held a sword of Confucianism and Daoism, and in his right hand, he held a talisman, and his spiritual power flickered.

"Come on! Monsters, unless your fat master and I are dead, don't even think about taking this step past me!"

After finishing speaking, Li Youcai mobilized the awe-inspiring righteousness in his whole body and turned it into a huge awe-inspiring sword, which fell from the sky and slashed at the monsters.

That was Li Youcai's last Confucianism and righteousness.

Therefore, with one blow, a deep ravine was cut out of the sand sea, and countless monsters were killed or injured.

"Stupid human, still want to struggle?"

A black light spewed out from the leopard demon's mouth, and attacked the sword of Confucianism and Taoism.

Li Youcai had just unleashed a defeated Confucian and Taoist sword. At this time, his spiritual power was already consumed and it was difficult to maintain it. He was quickly shattered by the black light and turned into nothingness.

Li Youcai saw that the Confucian spirit had been exhausted, so he threw out the talisman in his hand and turned it into a series of Taoism.

"Astral wind technique!"

"Six Ding Liujia-Scattering Beans into Soldiers Talisman!"

"Ghost control!"

"Blood killing technique!"

One after another talismans, like meteors falling among the monsters, one by one monsters were killed by Li Youcai's way of talismans.

Looking at Li Youcai's chubby back, Cheng Jiaoyu suddenly felt a sense of security.

"No wonder Wenqing said that there is no need to interfere too much with Youcai's path of cultivation. It seems that Youcai has already walked out of his own way of combining Confucianism and Taoism."

Cheng Jiaoyu lamented Li Youcai's talent, if it wasn't because Chen Wenqing's bright moon was too dazzling, Li Youcai would be the brightest star in the night sky.

Li Youcai was sweating profusely at this time, and he had already slaughtered many monsters who surrounded and suppressed the Fulu Taoist Temple.

It's a pity that there are too many monsters, and Li Youcai eventually exhausted his spiritual power, and he was at the end of his skills.

"Hahaha..."

"Stupid humans, no matter how much you struggle, you will inevitably die in the end!"

Seeing the people in the Fulu Taoist Academy, the leopard demon had completely lost the ability to resist, so he cast the sky demon dharma body and turned into a huge black panther dharma form.

"Faxiang Tiandi!"

The leopard demon let out a loud roar, stretched out a huge palm from its huge body, and slapped everyone.

"and many more!"

Cheng Jiaoyu said to the Leopard Demon: "Before I die, I want to ask, who designed us?"

The leopard demon grinned ferociously, "Hahaha, you want to know?"

"Unless you are dead!"

After finishing speaking, the giant palm covered his head, stirring up dust all over the sky.

A triumphant smile appeared on the face of the Leopard Demon, as if he had seen the entire army of the Fulu Taoist Academy annihilated and turned into flesh under the palm of his hand.

The giant palm carried a monstrous power, and everyone could no longer hide. They closed their eyes one after another, waiting for the arrival of death.

Right now.

A golden light struck from a distance, with an unstoppable sharp force, it seemed that it could cut the world in half.

The golden light passed over the group of monsters, and the monsters turned into two halves on the way of charging until they came in front of the leopard monster.

"call out"

The leopard demon suddenly heard a sharp wind, and suddenly felt a chill in his front palm, and a tingling pain came from it!

"what..


The leopard demon suddenly let out a mournful howl, and saw a huge front paw falling from midair, turning into nothingness.

A familiar voice rose from the hearts of everyone.

"The aura of heaven and earth gathers on the blade of the sword. "

"Wherever you think, the demons will be destroyed."

"The first form of the dragon-slaying swordsmanship - Punish evil spirits!"

"kill!"


		