

state of jin.

Southwest Road, Black Iron Mountain Forest, by the cold pool.

Chen Wenqing and the others were surrounded by seven magicians in strange costumes.

"Who are you? How dare you snatch something that I, the Witch and Gu Sect, are looking for, and why don't you hurry up and hand it over? If you are sensible, maybe you can spare your dog's life, otherwise don't blame us for turning you into puppets!"

The leader was wearing a skull crown, skinny as a stick, and wearing a fur made of an unknown beast, holding a bone staff in his hand, and said to Chen Wenqing and others eeriely.

"Hmph! We were the ones who found this elixir first, so how can it be regarded as something you fancy? The water in this cold pool is so cold, how can we give you the elixir we picked with great difficulty, just because of your words?"

"Wu that fat man!" The leader pointed the bone staff at Li Youcai, and said, "It is your blessing to dedicate the spirit grass to me, the Witch Gu Cult, so don't toast or eat fine wine! Unless, you want to try the ten thousand Heartbreaking pain!"

Chen Wenqing looked around, frowned slightly, and said: "This spirit grass is something that has no owner, of course it is first come, first served. Since we picked it first, there is absolutely no reason to give it to you."

Chen Wenqing said in a loud voice: "You said that this spiritual herb was the one you fell in love with first, then tell me what is the name of this spiritual herb and what effect does it have?"

When the seven magicians in strange costumes heard the words, they all looked at each other in blank dismay, not knowing how to answer.

Seeing this, Chen Wenqing sneered in her heart.

No matter what, it is impossible for Chen Wenqing to hand over this "Yinming Grass" to the other party. After all, this is the only harvest they have gained in more than a month.

A month ago, Chen Wenqing left Zixia Temple and came to the Heitie Mountain Forest on the Southwest Road to look for the "Soul Breaking Grass".

Severing soul grass, generally speaking, grows in extremely shady places. Although it is rumored that there is a soul-severing grass outside Jianjia Pass, after all, Jianjia Pass is too far away from Zixia Temple, and outside Jianjia Pass is already the hinterland of the demon clan, which is very dangerous.

Therefore, on the way to Jianjia Pass, Chen Wenqing would also pay attention to cold places and explore them.

Chen Wenqing once saw in the collection of Zixia Temple that there is a cold pool in the Black Iron Mountain Forest that exudes a cold atmosphere all year round, and it may be possible to find the "soul-breaking grass" there.

Sure enough, Chen Wenqing and others found a spiritual herb beside the cold pool. However, when picking the spirit grass, it happened to be seen by the seven magicians in front of them, so they discovered the scene just now.

Chen Wenqing knew very well in her heart that the spirit grass picked by the cold pool was not the "soul-breaking grass" she was looking for, but the "Yinming Grass".

"Yinming Grass" is the same as "Banhun Grass", which likes Yin and cold.

Therefore, Chen Wenqing was not surprised to find the "Yinming Grass" by the cold pool.

Chen Wenqing once saw the introduction of "Yinming Grass". Yinming grass mainly has the effect of stabilizing and strengthening the soul body and improving the cultivation base of ghosts, ghosts, ghosts, etc. who have lost their bodies.

Although the "Grass of the Underworld" is only effective for ghosts and does not help people with physical bodies, there is no doubt that the "Grass of the Underworld" is also a rare panacea.

"You don't even know what the name of this spiritual herb is, or what its effects are, and you dare to say that it belongs to you. It's ridiculous!" Chen Wenqing faintly smelled a disgusting smell from the other party's breath. The stench and bloody smell, coupled with the other party's behavior style, is obviously the style of an evil warlock.

"Where are you Bird Taoists from? How dare you be so arrogant when you come to my territory of the Witch Gu Sect!", the leader of the warlock wearing a skull crown said viciously: "Kill them and take the spirit grass! Refining them into Gu Corpse, feed Gu worms!"

"Yeah..."

"Hey hey hey... woo woo woo..."

"Kill..."

"Five Poison Techniques!"

"Poison Gu Art - Miasma, go!"

Chen Wenqing watched as someone rushed towards the other party with a bone knife and bone sword, and someone danced on the spot, babbling and chanting inexplicable spells, obviously casting spells.

"Huh!" The leader of the sorcerer spewed out a cloud of colorful mist, and the courtier Wen Qing rushed over, and immediately there was a sweet smell in the air. However, the vegetation shrouded in mist quickly became withered.

"Be careful! It's poisonous!"

Chen Wenqing and the others retreated quickly, forming seals in their hands continuously, and cast the golden light mantra: "Xuanzong of the Heaven and Earth, the root of all qi. I will practice extensively for billions of kalpas, and prove my supernatural powers. Inside and outside the three realms, only Tao is the only one. There is golden light in my body, reflecting my body ! Golden Light Curse, forgive me!"

After Chen Wenqing finished casting the spell, Li Youcai and Xiao Huihui were soon covered with a layer of golden light, blocking the colorful poisonous mist outside their bodies.

"Kill them!" The sorcerer wearing a skull crown shouted loudly. Several warlocks holding bone swords and knives had already slashed at Chen Wenqing and the others upon hearing the words.

Chen Wenqing bullied himself and pulled out the dragon-slaying sword, and slashed at the bone knife and the bone sword, as if cutting on broken leather, the sword light flashed across the heads of the three sorcerers and fell to the ground.

"laugh!"

"laugh!"

"laugh!"

The blood of the three sorcerers spurted out more than two feet high, pouring down on Chen Wenqing's whole body. The blood was pitch black, and a lot of Gu worms could be faintly seen wriggling.

"Buzz!"

The golden light on Chen Wenqing's body buzzed, and in a flash of golden light, it scorched the blood all over the sky, killing all the Gu worms in the blood and falling to the ground.

"How dare you kill someone from my Witch Gu sect!"

The sorcerer wearing the skull crown was furious. With a wave of the bone staff in his hand, a group of red worms flew out from the end of the bone staff. Like a group of red clouds, they buzzed in the air and flew towards Chen Wenqing and the three of them. .

"What a disgusting technique!"

Li Youcai looked at the red clouds flying in front of him, took out a handful of yellow talismans, lined up in the air, and hit the red clouds.

Quickly form a seal in the hand, pinch the second knuckle of the middle finger with the thumb of the left hand, and chant the mantra in the mouth: All things respect the god of fire, demons and ghosts around you turn into dust, panic about where to find the power of heaven, the sun destroys the eight strange clouds, the sky and the earth thunder are about to move, Eight treasures and five thunders descend into the sky. Burn all evil things! The fire talisman technique is as urgent as a law! "

The fire talisman exploded in the air, turning into balls of flames, blocking the red bugs, and immediately the red bugs fell like moths to the flame.

The air was filled with the smell of burning bug corpses.

Chen Wenqing looked at Li Youcai's method of fire talisman, nodded with satisfaction, and said, "Junior Brother, you did a good job! However, it is not indecent to come and go! Let these evil magicians taste the power of our talisman method! "

Hearing Chen Wenqing's praise, Li Youcai laughed and said, "Senior brother, you taught me well! If that's the case, then please examine the results of my practice of talismans during this period of time!"

As soon as Li Youcai finished speaking, his face became serious, his hands quickly formed seals, and he recited a mantra from his mouth: "The supreme talisman, drive the wind, practice Taoism extensively, and prove my supernatural power! Great wind spell, forgive me!"

Suddenly, a tornado wind rose for no reason at the bank of the cold pool. With the output of Li Youcai's mana, the tornado wind became stronger and stronger, shaking the surrounding trees tottering.

"How dare you call me fat! Look at my great wind technique, go!"

With a wave of Li Youcai's sword, a huge tornado swept towards the sorcerer!

"what..."

"what..."



		