

Black Iron Mountain Forest.

The general altar of the witchcraft sect.

The leader of the Witch Gu Sect sat on the leader's seat, his expression frightened and furious, his beard and hair swollen, and his fists creaking.

"You mean, the deputy leader led the entire congregation, and even two people were not taken down? Instead, they were taken by the other party?!"

The leader of the Witch Gu Sect, with a blue face, asked in a deep voice to the female ghost in red at the bottom of the steps, his voice was icy cold, as if he wanted to choose someone to eat.

"I want to report to the leader, what happened is exactly as I said. One of these two people has Taoism and swordsmanship, and even the deputy leader can't block his blow. The other has both Confucianism and Taoism. , teaching me to disciples is like chopping melons and vegetables."

Hearing the words, the leader of the Witch Gu Sect stood up from his seat and said, "It's just a bunch of trash! Don't tell me that even the ghost soldiers and ghost generals in this seat have been completely lost? That is the first time I established the Witch Gu Sect. Book......"

The female ghost in red hesitated, but dared not say any more.

For a moment, the general altar of the Witch Gu Sect became completely silent, and the head of the Witch Gu Sect was even more downcast, with a calm expression that concealed a volcanic eruption of anger.

"Hahahaha! Good! Very good!", the leader of the Witch Gu Sect looked crazy, "I don't care who they are, since they dare to attack my Witch Gu Sect, then they can only die!"

"I can only die!!!"

"I'll give you two hours to find their traces. I'll do it myself this time. I'm going to dismantle their bones and skin, draw their menstrual blood and drain their blood. Boil their corpses into corpse oil and light them into sky lanterns, and their souls into ghosts. Let me drive!"

"Get out of here quickly!!"

The leader of the witchcraft sect was hysterical and roared.


the other side.

Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai had recovered and supplemented their spiritual power and vitality, and they were discussing how to deal with the enemy.

"After the Jindan stage, there is a huge gap in the strength of each realm. It is very difficult to fight against the middle stage of Jindan at the early stage of Jindan."

Chen Wenqing said to Li Youcai: "Generally speaking, it is not a problem for a middle-stage Golden Core cultivator to deal with ten early-stage Golden Core cultivators. If you confront them head-on, there is almost no chance of winning."

Li Youcai heard the words, but he was full of confidence in his senior brother, and said: "Senior brother, your dragon-slaying sword technique is so powerful, I'm afraid even a middle-stage Jindan cultivator can't handle it?"

"That being said, my magic power is not deep now, and with all my strength, I can only use one blow of the dragon-slaying sword technique." Chen Wenqing sighed and frowned.

"The ancestor of the Witch Gu Cult knew that Pei Feibao died under my sword, so he definitely wouldn't take my move. If I miss the blow, the consequences will be unimaginable..."

"Senior brother is right. From this point of view, it only needs to trap the leader of the Witch Gu Cult for one breath, which is enough time for senior brother to use the dragon-slaying sword technique."

"It's not easy to trap a middle-stage Jindan cultivator!" Chen Wenqing was not completely sure at this time, "The combined magic power of the two of you is not as deep as one-tenth. If you want to trap him, you must What magic weapon will do..."

"Then why do we have to fight it head-on?" Li Youcai said puzzledly: "We can leave this place quickly, the sky is big and the earth is big, the master of the Witch Gu Cult can easily find us, I'm afraid it's not so easy!"

"Have you forgotten that even if we set up a formation barrier, people from the Witch Gu Cult can find us?" Chen Wenqing said, "Witch Gu Cult is the best at laying Gu, harming people invisible. If the Witch Gu Cult cannot The leader of the Gu religion cut the weeds and eradicated the roots, I am worried that in the future, I don’t know which bowl of water, which cup of tea, or which meal, there will be the poisonous Gu taught by the Wu Gu..."

Hearing this, Li Youcai couldn't help but tremble when he thought of that scene, "No way! This is too scary! We should follow what you said, brother, and cut the grass and root out the root, otherwise we will hardly have peace in this life, unless we die!"

When Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai were in a predicament, a familiar laugh suddenly came.

"Hahaha... this matter is simple, I have a method, which can help you fix his soul and make him unable to move for three breaths..."

I saw a cloud of black smoke rising from the ground, and Bai Wuchang walked out of the black smoke with a smile on his face.

"I've seen Master Qi!"

Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai bowed and saluted.

"You're welcome!" Bai Wuchang waved his hand and said, "I've heard what you said just now."

Bai Wuchang turned his palms over, and a pitch-black chain appeared in the middle of his palms. There was black air on the chains, and there were faint flashes of thunder, making the sound of whistling wind and thunder.

"Is this the chain of ecstasy?" Chen Wenqing asked tentatively.

"Good insight!" Bai Wuchang said with a smile, "This is indeed the chain of ecstasy, but you are only half right. To be precise, this is the incarnation of the chain of ecstasy."

"Incarnation outside the body?" Li Youcai asked puzzled.

"The soul-hooking chain is a fairy weapon, and this is just an incarnation of the fairy weapon."

Chen Wenqing knew it in her heart, and said: "So that's how it is! Just like the Seventh Master and the Eighth Master, they can transform into thousands of monsters and eliminate demons. Each incarnation can hold a chain of ecstasy..."

"That's right, that's the case. Only magic weapons above the celestial artifact can have an external body." Bai Wuchang handed the Soul-Ecstasy Chain to Chen Wenqing, "Don't look at this as an external incarnation, but it is more than enough to deal with mere mid-stage Golden Cores. .”

Chen Wenqing took the chain of ecstasy, bowed deeply, and said, "Thank you Qiye!"

"It's okay! This time you summoned me in time and killed many ghost soldiers and ghost generals, which is also a great achievement for my underworld."

Bai Wuchang continued: "It's just that I didn't expect that the ghost clan that originally belonged to Nanfang Buzhou will be more and more active in Dongsheng Shenzhou."

"Ghost clan?" Chen Wenqing heard this name for the first time, and couldn't help asking: "Is there any difference between this ghost clan and the ordinary lonely ghosts in Dongsheng Shenzhou?"

Bai Wuchang said: "There is a big difference between the two!"

"The dead souls of Dongsheng Shenzhou turned into ghosts, and they are all under the jurisdiction of my underworld. But the strange ghosts in Nanfangbuzhou are another race, and they are not under the jurisdiction of my underworld."

"That's right, yesterday's group of yin soldiers and ghost generals actually all came from Nanfang Buzhou."

When Chen Wenqing heard this, he didn't react for a while, "So, it means that Dongsheng Shenzhou has been invaded by the ghost clan in Nanbuzhou?"

"Well. You are right! In fact, Dongsheng Shenzhou is in danger now." Bai Wuchang put away the smile on his face and said coldly: "Not only the ghosts in Nanbuzhou are eyeing our human race, but also The monster clan in Hezhou, Xiniu, and the Zombie clan in Luzhou, Beiju, are all staring at me in Dongsheng Shenzhou all the time."

"Once there is any trouble in Dongsheng Shenzhou, then the human race may face a catastrophe!"

Chen Wenqing's heart tightened, and she stood on the spot blankly, feeling more and more urgent that she should improve her cultivation as soon as possible!

"Qi Ye, Wen Qing has something to ask for advice." Chen Wenqing pondered for a moment, and decided to reveal her aptitude as a five-element miscellaneous spirit root.

"If you have any questions, just tell me." Bai Wuchang said with a smile.

Chen Wenqing bowed and said, "To tell you the truth, I have five-element miscellaneous spiritual root physique, and my practice is quite slow and consumes a lot of energy. I don't know if Qi Ye can improve my cultivation qualifications?"

"Oh? Five Elements Miscellaneous Spiritual Roots?" Bai Wuchang's expression remained unchanged, and he said, "It's no wonder that you exhausted the power of incense and fire in the Mountain God Token and River God Token before you can raise your cultivation level to the early stage of Golden Core. It turns out that Because of the Five Elements Miscellaneous Spiritual Root Physique!"

"Then I don't know if there are natural treasures or magic medicines to improve aptitude?"

Bai Wuchang laughed and said, "Of course there is!"

"As we all know, since ancient times, there have been ten innate spiritual roots in the prehistoric world, which are the innate treasures of heaven and earth! These natural treasures can not only improve aptitude, but also derive supernatural powers, and they can also live forever. They are indeed infinitely magical!"

Chen Wenqing cheered up and asked excitedly: "Which ten spiritual roots are they? They are so powerful!"

Bai Wuchang chuckled, and said lightly: "The ten spiritual roots are yellow plum, gourd vine, ginseng fruit, flat peach, fairy apricot, hibiscus, laurel, plantain, bodhi and bitter bamboo."


		