

Under the yellow sand.

Chen Wenqing didn't know how long it had passed, he only knew that the pressure on his body was getting bigger and bigger, his flesh and bones did not break under the heavy pressure, and after the crack, he was restored by spiritual power.

He felt that his body was like a piece of pig iron, being tempered by heavy pressure, and turned into steel.

Chen Wenqing recited the golden light mantra silently in her heart, and kept running the "Shangqing Lingbao Manual", absorbing the thin spiritual energy under the yellow sand.

The "Shangqing Lingbao Scripture" is indeed a top-level practice method, even if it is several tens of feet above the ground, it can still absorb thin spiritual energy.

In this way, Chen Wenqing practiced the Golden Light Mantra while running the "Shangqing Lingbao Scripture".

Facing the boundless pressure, he actually practiced the Golden Light Mantra to a higher level.

Now, Chen Wenqing no longer needs to chant mantras, as long as he moves his mind, the golden light of body protection can be reflected on his body.

This can be regarded as the only good news among misfortunes.

The "Shangqing Lingbao Mantra" runs on its own, and the golden light mantra protects the body with golden light, which is also invulnerable to swords, water and fire, and has the power to automatically rebound attacks.

And at this time.

Cheng Jiaoyu took the talisman Daoyuan's disciples, and bulldozed and eradicated all the monsters on the first floor of the Demon Town Tower.

However, everyone still did not find Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai.

In fact, Cheng Jiaoyu is very familiar with Zhenyao Pagoda.

Once, when he was the core disciple of the Fulu Taoist Academy, he also came to the Demon Suppressing Pagoda for trials.

When everyone was on the first floor of the Zhenyao Tower, they did not find Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai.

Cheng Jiaoyu led the crowd without hesitation, found the Taoist temple leading to the second floor of the Zhenyao Tower, and walked through the light curtain to the second floor of the Zhenyao Tower.

However, when they first stepped into the second floor of the Town Demon Tower, they encountered very difficult things.

Cheng Jiaoyu and the disciples of Fulu Taoist Academy were surrounded by groups of monsters!

The boundless monsters exuded bloodthirsty and madness, as if they had fallen into the sea of ​​monsters.

"Teacher, why are there so many monsters gathering here?"

"Teacher, what shall we do next?"

"Teacher, I'm here to stop... You and your juniors should escape first!"


They have never seen so many monsters in their life.

"We have no escape!"

Cheng Jiaoyu discovered that the light curtain transmitted from the first floor to the second floor of the Town Demon Tower had been closed. That is, they cannot go back.

"It looks like we've been tricked!"

"Someone closed the light curtain from the first floor to the second floor, now we have only one way to die!"

After Cheng Jiaoyu finished speaking, he raised his hand and struck out a series of talismans, flying towards the group of monsters.

"Fire talisman array! Forgive me!"

Seeing that Cheng Jiaoyu had already made a move, everyone cast the Talisman Talisman without hesitation one by one.

immediately.

The colorful talismans turned into fireballs, ice spears, water dragons, and winds to kill the demons.

The war is imminent.

Boundless monsters surged forward and roared towards the crowd.

The smell of blood spread throughout the entire second-floor space.

only.

No one noticed that there was a small black "Demon Calling Banner" stuck on the body of an ordinary wolf demon.

The demon banner is exuding blue smoke, drifting away towards the third, fourth, and fifth floors of the Demon Suppressing Tower...

Countless monsters on the upper level of the Demon Suppressing Tower are rushing towards the second-floor space.

so.

Everyone in the Fulu Taoist Academy discovered that the monsters were killing more and more monsters, and the more they killed, the more powerful they were...

Soon, they were engulfed in the sea of ​​monsters.


Under the yellow sand, more than thirty feet away.

A faint golden light radiated from Chen Wenqing's body, protecting her body.

However, this

By then he had fallen into a deep sleep. Only a little spiritual light was left in the consciousness.

"Big Brother...Big Brother..."

"Brother...you wake up..."

"Brother, are you down there?"

"Little Huihui is here to save you..."

As if in a dream, Chen Wenqing heard familiar voices greeting her non-stop.

However, Chen Wenqing felt too tired, but ignored all these voices.

However, these hateful voices were like mosquitoes in summer, buzzing in my ears, making it impossible for Chen Wenqing to sleep.

"Brother, wake up, you can't sleep anymore..."

"If you fall asleep, you won't wake up again."

Standing on the yellow sand, Xiao Huihui felt Chen Wenqing's faint aura beneath the ground.

He has been calling here for three hours, but there is still no response from Chen Wenqing.

Because there is a "Sacrifice Seal" between Xiao Huihui and Chen Wenqing, and he has a deep feeling that Chen Wenqing is not far from here.

"Brother...I'm Xiao Huihui, please respond to me so that I can confirm your location and come down to save you..."

Just when Xiao Huihui was disappointed, Chen Wenqing's weak voice suddenly sounded in his heart.

"You're so noisy...don't...disturb me."

The sound is weak, but very real.

"Brother, is that you?"

Xiao Huihui regained her spirits, and followed Chen Wenqing's voice like yellow sand to explore.

Sudden.

Xiao Huihui opened her eyes, with an excited smile on her face.

"Brother, I finally found you!"

I saw that Xiao Huihui turned into a gray ray of light and got under the yellow sand.

As a treasure hunting mouse, Xiao Huihui dug a burrow very quickly, and within a short while, he dug a sand hole several tens of feet deep.

As the sand hole was dug deeper, the feeling between Xiao Huihui and Chen Wenqing became stronger and stronger.

finally.

Under the extremely dark yellow sand, Xiao Huihui found a figure shining with golden light.

"Brother, hold on! I'll take you up right away!"


The second floor of the Demon Town Tower.

There was already a strong smell of blood in the air.

In front of everyone in Fulu Daoist Academy, countless monster corpses had already piled up.

"Teacher, I can't hold on any longer!"

"Teacher, my talismans have also been used up..."

"Teacher, my golden core has dried up and cracked, I'm afraid I will die..."


Everyone in the Fulu Taoist Academy has reached the end of their rope at this time.

From the initial enthusiasm, to excitement, to exhaustion, and finally to numbness and despair...

"I've never killed so many monsters in my life... Hehe, I'm worth it!"

"Ahem... I didn't expect that the water and fire talisman that I have been unable to comprehend for a long time, I did not expect to realize it here."

"Hahaha, I heard it from the morning, and I will die in the evening! It's a pity that I haven't found Junior Brother Chen and Junior Brother Li..."

"Yeah, I won't even have time to say goodbye to them..."

Cheng Jiaoyu's eyes were full of hot tears, looking at each and every one of the disciples of the Fulu Taoist Academy, although they had reached their limit, none of them flinched.

"What a good disciple, what a pity!"

Cheng Jiaoyu watched the group of monsters preparing to launch their next attack, filled with despair!

"Wenqing, where are you, Youcai?"

Countless monsters rushed towards the people of Fulu Taoist Academy.


		