

Hearing this, Chen Wenqing nodded, and said, "Okay! Junior brother, be careful, I'll be on the sidelines for you!" After speaking, she immediately retreated behind Li Youcai.

Although the evil-killing talisman did not cause substantial damage to the hairy zombie, it has enraged it.

Before Li Youcai was ready, Mao Zong jumped five feet away and ran towards Li Youcai. After jumping three times in a row, Mao Zang had already come to Li Youcai.

Li Youcai could already smell the strong stench of corpses emanating from Mao Zong's body, and he couldn't help cursing in his heart, "That's my mother!"!

Immediately, quickly backed away. In the process of retreating, Li Youcai aroused the righteousness of the whole body, and said proudly in his mouth: "The evil cloud is overwhelming the city and wants to destroy it, and the armor light is facing the sun. The sword is sharp. Confucianism and Taoism are noble, and the sword is transformed into form! The sword comes out!"

Li Youcai raised his right hand in the shape of a sword finger, and saw that the wind and cloud in the sky and the earth were changing, the thunder was rolling, and a sword light came down from the sky, tearing the sky, and swept towards Mao Zang.

"Kill!" Li Youcai roared.

Li Youcai's Confucianism, Confucianism, Taoism and Flying Sword hit with all his strength! I saw the sword light penetrating from Mao Zong's body, cutting a deep sword mark on the ground.

"In this way, he must die!"

Li Youcai's face turned pale, and beads of sweat covered his fat round face. Seeing Mao Zhi lying motionless on the ground, he showed a relaxed smile.

"My cultivation level of Confucianism and Taoism is still too low! Forcibly displaying Confucianism and Taoism's righteousness with Jurenjing will consume too much. I didn't expect that even if I go all out, I can only deliver one blow!"

At this moment, Li Youcai felt exhausted and empty all over, and relaxed. Seeing that he was about to defeat the zombie with just one blow, he couldn't help laughing out loud.

"Hahaha..., the legendary Flying Zombie is nothing more than that. Under my Confucianism and righteousness, it is vulnerable to a single blow!"

However, just when Li Youcai was triumphant. Suddenly, Chen Wenqing exclaimed: "Brother, be careful!"

Li Youcai just heard the exclamation, and before he could react, he felt a piercing wind coming from behind, and there was a faint stench in the wind.

"Not good!", Li Youcai's heart tightened, and he was preparing for the future, only to feel a huge force behind him. Immediately, the whole body hurt and the whole person flew forward and fell heavily on the ground.

"Is this the end?"

Chen Wenqing was taken aback for a moment, seeing Li Youcai lying motionless on the ground, she slandered: "You are the one who was agreed to fight this battle, why can't it be done with just one blow?"

Chen Wenqing looked at the zombie in front of him, whose head had already been cut off by Li Youcai. At this time, it was running rampant like a headless chicken.

Seeing this, Chen Wenqing frowned slightly, and said, "Can you live without a head? Heh, it's just a stiff hair!" Then seeing Li Youcai lying motionless on the ground, she sighed softly: "Junior brother, you are so unlucky! Mao Zong has already lost its head, basically he can no longer hear or see. You want to scream so loudly. Don’t you know that the hairs all over Mao Zang also have some perception ability?”

Chen Wenqing shook his head, pointed at the sword, and said a mantra in his mouth: "Heaven and earth are boundless, and the universe borrows the law. Please worship the mahogany sword god, and come down to the world to patrol the world. Everyone will not be afraid of harming you. Xiaofa sacrifices the flying sword to kill the evil zombies." There is no life left. I obey the order of the ancestor Feijian, and the magic soldiers are as urgent as the law."

At this time, I saw the mahogany sword on the desk rising into the air by itself, standing in the air. Seeing this, Chen Wenqing pinched another magic talisman and recited a mantra in his mouth: "The imperial edict, the sun rises in the east, I bestow the magic talisman to sweep away ominous omens, spit out the fire of the mountains, and the light of the Fufeimen to raise monsters all over the sky." Every time in the past, break the plague and use the year to eat diamonds, subdue the demons and the dead, and turn them into auspiciousness, the Supreme Old Monarch, my auspiciousness and auspiciousness are like laws! Exorcising evil spirits and pardoning evil spirits!"

Chen Wenqing pasted the exorcism talisman on the mahogany sword, and the mahogany sword was immediately covered with golden flames, exuding boundless firepower.

"kill!"

With a wave of Chen Wenqing's sword, the Taomu Feijian killed the zombie with raging fire. The mahogany sword was blessed by talismans, and the tip of the sword easily pierced through the corpse. And the golden flame burning on the talisman quickly burned the zombie to ashes!

Chen Wenqing was greatly relieved when he saw that Mao Zong was dead and couldn't die anymore. So, he walked to Li Youcai's side, knelt down and checked.

"It's okay! There's nothing serious, it's just..." Chen Wenqing took a lot of effort to turn Chen Youcai over, just in time to see the three scars on his back, and couldn't help but be surprised.

On Chen Youcai's back, there were two deep and one shallow scars, and the black aura radiated from the scars. Purple-black blood flowed from the wound, and the skin had begun to fester and become stiff.

"No! This is poisoned by a corpse!" Chen Wenqing frowned, and said, "Xiao Huihui, help me go to the desk in the inner altar and bring some glutinous rice. Brother Chen has been poisoned by a corpse, so use glutinous rice to temporarily Take it easy."

Xiao Huihui heard the words, and quickly brought the glutinous rice over. Chen Wenqing took the glutinous rice and poured the glutinous rice into the palm of his hand. After a burst of golden light lit up, he pressed the glutinous rice to the wound.

At this time, the wound scratched by the zombie was burned by the glutinous rice, and a puff of black smoke suddenly came out.

"Ah...it hurts me too!" Li Youcai felt the piercing pain from his back, and immediately jumped up from the ground.

"Junior brother, don't move! You were scratched by a zombie and infected with corpse poison. There are still two wounds left, just bear it!"

Chen Wenqing comforted Li Youcai, who was crying and howling, and said, "It will be over soon. Get ready, and I'll start counting to three."

"three!"

Chen Wenqing stretched out both hands, and pressed the glutinous rice on the wound with both hands at the same time, and suddenly there was another scream like a pig being slaughtered in the night.

"Brother, you don't keep your word! Come to cheat, come and attack me, a patient! Oh, it hurts me to death..."


This matter is considered a surprise.

Chen Wenqing helped Wangjiazhuang to annihilate Mao Zong, officially completing the task. After the two parties handed over the task, Chen Wenqing originally planned to rush to the next destination.

However, because Li Youcai was scratched by Mao Zong and poisoned by the corpse. Therefore, the three decided to stay in Wangjiazhuang for two more days before leaving, at least to allow Li Youcai to recover from his injuries.

In order to thank Chen Wenqing and others for their great assistance, Wang Jiazhuang not only arranged a celebration banquet, but also prepared a lot of gold and silver as a token of gratitude. However, they were rejected by Chen Wenqing one by one.

On this day, Chen Wenqing and others were about to leave Wangjiazhuang. However, when passing by Wang's Inn, Chen Wenqing suddenly stopped.

"No! The ancestors of the Wang family have been exterminated, but why the "ice-eating" business in the inn has not been affected for a few days? It stands to reason that once the Wang family's hair is dead, the "ice-eating" business should be cut off from then on."

In the inn, many guests were drinking ice. Seeing this, Chen Wenqing secretly suspected: "Could it be that the Wang family not only raised a zombie. There are other zombies used to make ice, but they didn't tell us?"

Thinking of this, Chen Wenqing couldn't help feeling angry, and decided to investigate this matter to the end.

"Junior brother, Xiao Huihui, let's leave first. Let's come back to see what the hell the Wang family is doing at night!"

So, Chen Wenqing took the two of them and left under the watchful eyes of many villagers in Wangjiazhuang.

moon black.

The wind is high.

Chen Wenqing and the other three secretly followed the waiter in the inn to a locust forest.

At this time, the lights in the pagoda tree forest were brightly lit, and the clan elders, including Wang Chang, the head of the Wang family, also gathered here.

"In the past few days, the two Taoist priests of Zixia Temple have been in my Wangjiazhuang, so I have reduced the business of eating ice. So, these days have lost at least four floors of income."

Wang Chang paused for a moment, then continued: "Now, the two priests have left. So, from today onwards, we must increase the supply of food ice. You can mine with confidence and ensure that the quantity is large and sufficient. Do you hear me? "Wang Chang told Zhuang Min to say, living on crutches.

"But in this case, I'm afraid there won't be enough cold air to make ice. Now there are only thirteen zombie caves in this corpse farm, and I'm afraid it can't supply them."

"Hmph! Can't supply enough? What were the slaves bought a few days ago for? Do you still need me to teach you how to do it?"

"According to the usual practice, three slaves were brought over to be buried alive! In a few days, there must be a few more zombie holes."

"In the future, if the supply fails again, you can deal with it as usual!" Wang Chang told everyone, "Next, you can continue to harvest ice, and the old man will go back first."

Three people, including Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai, hid under the locust tree not far away, watching the scene in front of them. Can't help burning with anger, the seven orifices of the anger smoke!

Li Youcai clenched his fists tightly and made a rattling sound, angrily about to rush over.

Chen Wenqing stopped Li Youcai and was about to rush out, and blocked Li Youcai in front of him, with a serious face, he said coldly: "Junior brother, don't be impulsive! Let the government come to this matter! These people really don't want to die. But, It's not what we should do!"

Hearing this, Li Youcai calmed down quickly. He really couldn't do anything by rushing out at this time, but would destroy the evidence instead. Moreover, Li Youcai could also hear suppressed anger from Chen Wenqing's tone. He believed that Chen Wenqing should have a better way.

There was some confusion in Li Youcai's eyes, and he asked in a daze: "Senior brother, do you think the world is scarier than demons and ghosts? Or are people more terrifying?"

Chen Wenqing looked at the hot scene in front of him, but there were still bursts of laughter, and said coldly: "The most terrifying thing in this world is not demons, but people's hearts!"

"The monster is predictable!"

"People's hearts are unpredictable!"


		