

Three days later.

Zixia view, asked in the field.

Crowds of people, quite lively.

The annual Zongmen Grand Competition is a rare event in Zixia Temple.

For ordinary disciples, if they want to stand up, they can change their fate. Then, it is a very good choice to participate in the Zongmen Grand Competition and achieve good results.

This is especially true for outer disciples.

The purpose of the Zongmen Grand Competition is to select the best talents. If you get good results, you can not only get more training resources, but also allow yourself to climb higher.

There are rules in the Grand Competition of Zixia Guan Zongmen, whether it is an outer disciple, an inner disciple, or a direct disciple.

Anyone who wins the top three in the big competition can increase the qualification of disciple status in an exceptional way.

That is to say, the top three disciples of the outer sect can enter the inner sect; the top three disciples of the inner sect can enter the personal sect;

There are even rumors that if a direct disciple can challenge and beat his master in the Zongmen Grand Competition, he will have the opportunity to enter the Shenxiao Sect to participate in the assessment.

You must know that the Shenxiao Sect located on the top of Kunlun and the Taoist ancestral home Longhushan Tianshi Mansion are both known as the strongest Taoism in the world!

And Shenxiao Tiangang Wulei Zhengfa is also known as the most powerful method of attacking Taoism. It once made the demons and ghosts in the Kyushu mainland tremble when they only heard its name!

Therefore, the Zongmen Grand Competition is a great opportunity for outer disciples, core disciples, and direct disciples. This also means that the Zongmen Grand Competition will be extremely tragic!

Because, since Zixiaguan established the sect, there have been too many disciples of the sect to "miss" in the sect competition that were killed or injured!

Therefore, if you want to do something in the Zongmen Grand Competition, such as avenging a personal revenge, or deliberately "missing" to kill someone, it couldn't be easier.

This sect competition is divided into three parts.

The first part is the outer sect grand competition, the second part is the inner sect grand contest, and the third part is the contest between direct disciples, and what Chen Wenqing wants to participate in is the outer sect grand contest.

As the only oracle of the Fulu Taoist Academy, Cheng Jiaoyu led a group of disciples of the Fulu Taoist Academy to stand in the field of inquiry, waiting for the start of the outer sect contest.

The tree wants to be quiet but the wind doesn't stop.

Before the big competition started, there were people who were constantly provoking and making irresponsible remarks to Fulu Taoist Academy.

"Tsk tsk tsk... There are two or three big cats and kittens in Fulu Taoist Academy, and they also participate in the big competition?"

"Hey... You can't say that. After all, there were only four people in the entire Zixia Taoist Talisman Temple last year, and there are two more people this year. In comparison, there is still an increase this year, isn't it?"

"I heard that the two new disciples of Fulu Dao Academy this year are very talented, and they even defeated the disciples of Shu Dao Academy..."

"It's just luck, it's just a blind cat meeting a dead mouse! Instead, I heard that some of the disciples of the Shu Dao Academy have already broken through to the late stage of Jindan, and they are only one step away from the stage of leaving the body..."

"Nonsense! Is the late stage of golden core and the stage of leaving the body the same concept? As we all know, the later the stage of golden core, the harder it is to break through. There are even people who are stuck in the late stage of golden core for a lifetime and can't break through. In the end, they exhaust their lifespan and die. number…"

"Anyway, the Fulu Taoist Academy participated in the Zongmen Grand Competition to embarrass people..."

"Hahaha, I agree with that!"


Chen Wenqing was unmoved by the constant gossip from other Taoist disciples.

However, Li Youcai couldn't take it anymore, and wanted to rush forward and make some theories.

"Senior brother, did you hear that? What they said was so ugly that it was unreasonable. I want to have a good argument with them..."

Li Youcai was furious, clenched his fists tightly, and wanted to rush forward.

"Junior Brother, be safe and don't be impatient!" Chen Wenqing pulled Li Youcai back.

"Don't make trouble before the big competition, otherwise you will be disqualified. If you rush up, this is what someone wants to see."

Li Youcai suppressed his anger and asked, "Brother, what do you think should be done?"

"Hold it!" Chen Wenqing said calmly.

"But I can't bear it!"

Li Youcai said: "Be patient for a while, the more you think about it, the more you will get angry; if you take a step back, the more you think about it, the more you will suffer!"

Chen Wenqing said lightly: "Forbearance, what people can't bear; what people can do, what people can't!"

"The humiliation at this time is good to remember. When it comes to the competition, I will not stop you no matter what you want!"

"Okay! Brother, you said that!" Li Youcai was filled with righteous indignation and listened to the continuous stream of gossip, and said, "This time the Zongmen Grand Competition, Fat Lord must let them have a good understanding of what is Confucianism and Taoism!"

Hearing this, Chen Wenqing smiled lightly.


at this time.

A figure descended from the sky and floated on the ring in the questioning arena, exuding a powerful aura that made people dare not look directly at it.

"This seat is the deputy master of Zixia Temple, Gu Jing!"

The visitor looked like a middle-aged man, with a tall figure and a serious face. He was dressed in a yin and yang robe, a purple gold hairpin on his head, and his hands behind his back.

"This year's Zongmen Grand Competition will be presided over by the master himself, to show his importance!"

As soon as Gu Jing finished speaking, there was a lot of discussion in the audience.

"I didn't expect that this time, it was the vice-monitor who personally presided over the sect competition!"

"Yes! This is simply too surprising!"

"If I become a blockbuster in the Grand Competition and defeat my opponent, will I have a chance to win the favor of the deputy audience?"

"This time, I will do my best to get the top three...No one can take it away!"


Seeing the disciples in the audience, Gu Jing was aroused by his own words, and smiled slightly.

Inadvertently, Gu Jing's eyes flicked towards the direction of Fulu Taoist Temple, and deliberately stayed on Chen Wenqing for half a breath.

Although the stay was extremely short, Chen Wenqing's spiritual sense was far superior to that of his colleagues, and he could easily perceive it.

"He glanced at me just now? Gu Jing must have done it on purpose!"

Chen Wenqing already felt the deep malice from Gu Jing, the deputy master of Zixia Temple.

"Everyone in the world prefers the weak and fears the hard! In this way, my Fulu Taoist Academy will definitely become the target of public criticism!"

Chen Wenqing quickly understood the key point, so she turned to Li Youcai beside her and said, "Junior Brother, this battle is extraordinary, remember that no matter who you meet, you must fight with all your strength!"

Although Li Youcai didn't understand why his senior brother suddenly explained this, it didn't prevent Li Youcai from doing so.

"Senior brother, don't worry! This time we are competing for the top three in the outer sect competition, so what if we don't try our best!"

Chen Wenqing nodded after hearing the words, and immediately felt relieved.

With the ringing of a loud bell, the competition at Zixia Guanwai Gate officially began.


The Zongmen Grand Competition adopts the method of random drawing of lots. The contestants from both sides of each competition are drawn by the vice-president Gu Jing himself.

I saw Gu Jing pull out two bamboo sticks from a red box, and the names of the opponents were written on the bamboo sticks.

Gu Jing looked at the name on the bamboo stick, smiled at the corner of his mouth, and read: "The first match, Wang Huan from the Martial Arts Academy, will face Liu Xiu from the Fulu Academy, and the two will start on stage!"

Chen Wenqing had Celestial Eyes on her body, even if she didn't open her Celestial Eyes, she could clearly see the names on the two bamboo sticks in Gu Jing's hand.

"Hmph! Are you already so blatant? You really can't wait for a moment..."

"I didn't expect that the Fulu Daoist Academy would really become a thorn in your side, a thorn in your flesh!"

Chen Wenqing clearly saw that the two bamboo sticks in Gu Jing's hand were not from the Taoist School of Talismans at all, but belonged to the disciples of the Taoist School of Alchemy and the Taoist School of Martial Arts.

"Senior Brother Liu, remember to be careful later! If you lose, then don't be brave. If you keep the green hills, you don't have to worry about running out of firewood!" Chen Wenqing said to Liu Xiu, a senior brother from the Fulu Taoist Academy who was about to enter the stage.

Liu Xiu smiled easily and said, "Don't worry, brother. Brother understands how to do it!"

As Liu Xiu and Wang Huan appeared on the stage one after another, the people in the audience immediately became quiet.

asked in the field.

As soon as Liu Xiugang came on stage, he was ridiculed by Wang Huan.

"I heard that among the six members of the Fulu Taoist Academy, the one with the highest cultivation is only at the peak of the Foundation Establishment Realm?"

Wang Huan drew out a sparrow feather saber, pointed at Liu Xiu, and said, "As long as you admit defeat to me and say that Fulu Taoist Academy is shit, I will show mercy in this battle and let you go!"

Liu Xiu smiled slightly when he heard the words, and said: "You are only in the early stage of Jindan, how dare you say such a big talk. Let's see the truth!"

After Liu Xiu finished speaking, with a wave of his hand, seven talismans flew up into the air, turning into rain swords and attacking Wang Huan.

"Hehe, that's all!"

Wang Huan swung the Sparrow Ling Saber horizontally, instilled spiritual power into the blade, and performed the Spring and Autumn Saber Technique. The sword spirit filled the sky and greeted the Qidao Yujian.

"Across the wilderness! Break!"

All the seven rain swords were blocked by Wang Huan, and the rain swords turned into raindrops and fell on the questioning field, soaking the bluestone floor of the questioning field.

Liu Xiu was not surprised to see that the water sword was blocked. So, he continued to play a yellow talisman, and chanted the Water God Mantra:

"The god of water, the spirit of the five qi. It flows around the three realms, and connects all the gates to Tianjin. It removes fire and poison, but retreats the god of inflammation. The spirit is powerful, majestic and majestic. Thousands of demons are in the traces, and the liquid is active. The Jade Emperor ordered , Zhenan Mars!"

"Hurry up like a law! The water dragon breaks! Forgive me!"

The yellow talisman turned into blue light and dissipated in the air. I saw the water aura between the sky and the earth gathered and compressed, quickly forming a huge waterspout, roaring, and swooping down from the sky.

"Aren't you at the late stage of Foundation Establishment? Are you at the early stage of Golden Core?!"

Looking at the water dragon ready to go in mid-air, the disciples of the Martial Arts Academy felt the danger, and were horrified at the opponent's hidden strength.

Liu Xiu heard the words and said with a smile: "I never said that I am in the Foundation Establishment Realm! It's because you are arrogant and conceited, and look down on our Talisman Taoist Academy!"

Liu Xiu circulated his spiritual power, pointed at the water dragon with his hand like a sword finger, and shouted loudly: "Today, I will use my strength to prove to our Fulu Taoist Academy that we are not bad!"

"The water dragon is broken, go!"

With a wave of Liu Xiu's sword, the huge water dragon roared and engulfed Wang Huan...

"Moon Cut!"

Wang Huan, a disciple of the Martial Arts Institute, did not accept his fate, but used his best skills.

A saber aura like a crescent moon broke through the water dragon, and Wang Huan walked out of the water dragon.

"Cough cough cough..."

Wang Huan coughed violently. Because of the water dragon breaking, Wang Huan's condition was not very good, his lungs were full of water, and his breath became very sluggish.

"Hahaha...cough cough cough..."

Wang Huan said with a smile: "After all, my Martial Arts Institute is superior!"

"Your big move consumes a lot, right? Next, let's see how you take my blow?!"

Wang Huan raised the Sparrow Ling Saber, intending to close up and deliver the final blow.

Liu Xiu shook her head when she heard the words, and said, "I have a younger brother,

He said that he once said a word to me, and I took it seriously. He said that a lion fights a rabbit with all its strength! "

Liu Xiu's fingertips flickered with blue light, and there was a gathering of spiritual power.

"Frozen everything! Forgiveness!"

A trace of cold air continued to gather from the sky and the earth, and soon the temperature in the asking field dropped sharply, and Wang Huan, who was drenched all over, and the wet asking field provided an advantage for this move.

Before Wang Huan could react, he was frozen into an ice sculpture.

At the last moment when Wang Huan was frozen into an ice sculpture, he had only one thought:

"I didn't expect it! He actually mastered the change of spiritual power attribute!"

"Does Fulu Taoist Academy have such terrifying talents?!"

at this time.

In the questioning arena, there was complete silence!


		