

The little old man stretched with sleepy eyes, and then he slowly lifted the fishing rod up. He saw a golden carp breaking out of the water, its golden scales glistening in the sun.

"Oh, not bad! It's a beautiful carp..."

Chen Wenqing took a step forward and took the carp off the hook.

"Old man, where do you put this fish?"

Chen Wenqing looked around, but found no fish basket.

The little old man burped while pointing at the lake, exhaled alcohol, and said, "Throw it into the lake..."

Chen Wenqing heard the words and said, "Why did you release the fish you finally caught?"

"If you ask for a fish, you will get a fish. Since I have already got the fish, of course I will let it go."

The little old man picked up the warm wine on the stove, poured himself a glass, drank it slowly, made a "sizzling" sound, and looked like he was enjoying it.

After drinking, he couldn't help but poke his mouth.

"Hey, this little old man... has quite a personality."

Chen Wenqing thought to herself, so she simply sat down facing the little old man.

The two sat opposite each other, just looking at the scenery of the lake and mountains without speaking.

After sitting quietly for about a stick of incense, the little old man finally couldn't bear it anymore and spoke.

"Young man, have you taken a fancy to my little old man's fine wine?"

"It's not that the old man is bragging, my wine is heaven and earth, and I can't find anything better than it..."

Chen Wenqing smiled and said, "Who wants to drink your wine? It's still in heaven and earth. Can't find anything better?"

"You don't drink my wine, why are you sitting here?"

The little old man glanced at Chen Wenqing with sleepy eyes.

"You are an outer disciple, why are you running around if you don't participate in the Zongmen Dabi at this time?"

Chen Wenqing chuckled, looked the little old man up and down, and found that the other party had no cultivation, just an ordinary little old man who couldn't be more ordinary.

So, Chen Wenqing felt relieved and said, "I've finished the outer sect contest, so I just wandered around..."

"Is it over so soon?"

The little old man looked at Chen Wenqing with disdain, "You won't, you were eliminated without even passing the first round?"

"Who has been eliminated?!"

Chen Wenqing snatched the wine bottle from the little old man, poured himself a glass, and said, "Our Fulu Taoist Academy won all six battles."

"Oh? You said you are a disciple of Fulu Taoist Academy?" A light flashed in the sleepy eyes of the little old man.

Chen Wenqing didn't answer when she heard the words, but just took a sip from the wine glass, pouted like a little old man, shook her head and sipped the wine in the glass.

After a while.

Chen Wenqing said to the little old man: "You boast about this wine, which is rare in the sky. I don't think it's very good after drinking it!"

Chen Wenqing pointed to the remaining wine in the cup and said: "This wine is cloudy in color, bland and tasteless, with a bit of bitterness in the mouth, it's really boring..."

Chen Wenqing waved his hand with a disgusted expression on his face

The little old man heard the words and said angrily: "Nonsense! Brat, you eat the little old man's wine and talk nonsense..."

Chen Wenqing patted the little old man's shoulder and comforted him: "Old man, don't worry! I can understand that you have never had a real good wine!"

"Another day, Xiaodao will bring you a pot of real good wine. After you drink it, you will know it by comparison. Your wine is really hard to swallow..."

"it is good!"

The little old man jumped up, "You said that. If your wine is not good, don't blame the little old man for being rude to you."

Chen Wenqing looked at the little old man's flushed face, and said with a smile: "My wine is called "Duihua". When this wine is put into the cup, the hops are piled up, and the wine smells bursting with layers of flowers."

"It's actually a fine nectar, and its name is well-deserved; Jiuyu xin, a thriving flower. Surrounded by lingering leaves, it tastes sweet."

The little old man's eyes widened when he heard the words, and he said: "There is no such wine in the world, why hasn't the little old man heard of it?"

Chen Wenqing laughed loudly, and said: "The fairyland in the sky is fine wine, and the world is full of flowers and fine wine."

"I have a poem to prove it!"

Chen Wenqing picked up the wine glass, poured another glass for herself, drank it all in one gulp, and said loudly.

"Luling wine tulips, jade bowl filled with amber light."

"But let the master be able to drink the guest, I don't know where is another land."

The little old man's sleepy eyes widened, he shouted, and said, "Young man, what a poem!"

Chen Wenqing made a toast to the little old man and said, "Good wine can match good poetry!"

"In the future, I'll make you a jug of fine wine, and then I'll compose a poem, and I'll make it clear!"

Hearing this, the little old man laughed and said, "Young man, I didn't expect you to be a wine drinker."

Chen Wenqing waved his hand and said, "No! It's just that my Fulu Taoist Academy shined so brilliantly today, and I'm so happy, it's a bit unrestrained."

Hearing the words, the little old man said: "Those who cultivate Taoism, do it rashly, Taoism follows naturally, and only then can they be true."

"As the saying goes, when the heart goes to the bright moon and the sky is pure, the nature is like a cold pool where the water flows through."

Chen Wenqing's face was flushed, and she grabbed the jug again, added another glass, and drank it down in one gulp.

I saw Chen Wenqing chuckled, and said vaguely: "Old man, could it be that...you also know how to cultivate?"

The little old man looked at Chen Wenqing's dizzy appearance after drinking four cups, and smiled: "I understand, I understand..."

"Hahaha, how much is a little understanding?"

"A little understanding, just a little bit..."

After the little old man finished speaking, Chen Wenqing's head sank and he fell to the ground, drunk.

In the pavilion in the middle of the lake.

The little old man looked at Chen Wenqing, who was soundly asleep, and said to himself: "I never thought that you could drink four glasses of the little old man's wine before falling down..."

"I think Zhang Qian was drunk at the time, even after the second drink..."

"Is it the Talisman Taoist Temple?"

"It seems that this old boy Cheng Yu has really taken in a great disciple this year..."

at this time.

The sun was setting.

The little old man stretched out a finger, and pointed at Chen Wenqing who was drunk in the Huxin Pavilion, and suddenly a stream of light flew out and entered Chen Wenqing's body.

After a while, the streamer returned to the little old man's fingertips, and the state of Chen Wenqing's body could be clearly seen at a glance.

"It turned out to be the root of the Five Elements? This is a bit difficult..."

"However, the spiritual power contained in this kid's golden core is so powerful? This spiritual power is probably more than ten times that of ordinary cultivators... I don't know what kind of skills he cultivates?"

"In addition, there is actually a majestic spiritual power of the metal attribute. It seems that this kid once took a gold-type elixir... Then, he has good luck..."

"It's just that this kid's soul is seriously lacking. It seems that his soul has been seriously injured... I heard from Old Boy Cheng that this little guy has amazing talent in the way of talismans..."


in sleep.

Chen Wenqing seems to dream that he is standing on the top of clouds.

One after another, the talismans containing the ultimate principles of heaven and earth kept pouring into one's soul, engraved in the deepest part of one's soul.

However, when Chen Wenqing wanted to explore further, he found a golden seal blocking Chen Wenqing's consciousness.

"Little guy, the future of Fulu Taoist Academy depends on you!"

"You can't insult the reputation of "Yunlu Tianshu"..."

"After your soul is repaired completely, this "Yunlu Tianshu" will appear in your soul, and the way of the future talisman depends on you..."

"Before that, you should practice swordsmanship well!"

After the old man finished speaking, his figure changed drastically, and he turned into an old man with a majestic appearance and white beard and hair.

I saw that the old man was wearing a gossip white dress and a tall Taoist crown, holding floating dust in his hand, flying out of the dust.

The old man looked at the sleeping Chen Wenqing with a meaningful smile on his face.

"Boy!"

"This time, I let you drink so many cups of "Thousand Refined Spirit Wine" that this old man has."

"if."

"Next time, if you don't satisfy me with the good wine and fine wine you bring to me..."

"At that time, let's see how the old man will deal with you!"


		