

These days.

Chen Wenqing fished, drank, and played chess with the little old man, feeling uncomfortable.

This period of time can be regarded as the most peaceful time Chen Wenqing has lived since arriving in the world of Kyushu.

certainly.

As for why the little old man was able to produce such treasures as the Thousand Brew Spirit Wine, Chen Wenqing also had speculations in his mind.

Chen Wenqing understood that the little old man in front of him was probably not a simple person.

but.

Since the other party doesn't want to talk about it, then treat it as if they don't care about each other.

It doesn't matter, Chen Wenqing and the little old man have become best friends.

As for the identity of the other party, Chen Wenqing no longer cared.

After all, everyone has secrets.

"Old man, this is the three jugs of flowers I brought you. Remember to drink these three pots of flowers sparingly, and don't drink so fast. Otherwise, you'll be gone when you want to drink them again."

Chen Wenqing gave the little old man three jugs of duihua fine wine.

The little old man took the pile of flowers and wine, showed a surprised expression, and said: "What? Are you afraid that my little old man will be exhausted from drinking and drinking, and hurry to go down the mountain?"

"Yes! I've been on the mountain for a long time, and I still have a lot of things to do, so I dare not delay any longer."

Chen Wenqing stretched her waist, pretending to be relaxed and said.

"Well, the mountain is not very flat, you kid should pay more attention."

The little old man said with drunken eyes.

"Don't worry, old man! I'll come back when I'm done, and I'll accompany you to fish, play chess, and drink!"

The little old man patted Chen Wenqing on the shoulder, "Boy, let's make an agreement, you have to come back safely. Little old man, I drink your bunch of flower wine, and I'm so stupid, and I drink other wines. There is no taste..."

After Chen Wenqing and the little old man parted, they returned to the residence of the inner disciples.

That's right.

Chen Wenqing has now become an inner disciple.

In this outer sect competition, Chen Wenqing and Fulu Taoist Academy shined brilliantly and won the first place.

As it should be, Chen Wenqing obtained the status of an inner disciple.

but.

This time, a total of three people became inner disciples.

In addition to Chen Wenqing, Li Youcai also became an inner disciple by virtue of both Confucianism and Taoism.

And the last person was Senior Brother Zhang Qian.

During those days when Chen Wenqing was still practicing in the Demon Suppressing Pagoda, a major event happened in Zixia Temple.

That is, Zhang Qian challenged Wang Changjin, who was number one in the inner sect, and won the battle.

therefore.

Zhang Qian has also become the number one in the inner sect now, and he is the first person as soon as he enters the inner sect.

When Chen Wenqing heard about this, she was quite regretful.

It's a pity that I didn't see the demeanor of senior brother Zhang Qian fighting Wang Changjin.

Chen Wenqing is now bringing Li Youcai to live in the inner sect, while Cheng Jiaoyu is still living in the outer sect with many brothers from the Fulu Taoist Academy.

There is no instruction in the inner sect of Fulu Daoist Temple.

Because of the entire Zixia Temple, there are only two people who can teach the way of talismans.

One person is Cheng Jiaoyu of Fulu Daoist Academy.

Another person is Yuan Shouzheng, the master of Zixia Temple.

Yuan Shouzheng no longer accepts disciples, and Cheng Jiaoyu's talisman cultivation is relatively limited.

Therefore, Cheng Jiaoyu's talisman practice can only become an outer sect's teaching.

As for the inner sect, it can only be practiced and comprehended by Chen Wenqing himself.

However, this is also good.

After all, Chen Wenqing had studied the way of talismans so deeply in his previous life that he didn't need guidance from others at all.

Looking at it this way, Chen Wenqing felt much more at ease.

Chen Wenqing packed up her luggage.

Then he went to bid farewell to Cheng Jiaoyu of Fulu Taoist Academy and the senior brothers, then took Li Youcai and Xiao Huihui and went down the mountain.

Downhill this time.

The main purpose of Chen Wenqing's trip is to

Solve the problem of your five elements miscellaneous spirit roots.

But, before that.

He still needs to go to Jiankang Mansion in Jin State.

Senior brother Zhang Qian once entrusted Wang Zhanshan, the chief arrester of the Black Bingtai Police Department with a gold medal, and something strange happened at home.

It seems that Wang Zhanshan's daughter has been possessed by an evil spirit, and there is nothing she can do about it so far.

After the battle between Zhang Qian and Wang Changjin, he was in retreat.

Therefore, this matter still fell on Chen Wenqing.

However, since Chen Wenqing has agreed to this matter, he must keep his promise to complete it.

Because of the Zongmen Grand Competition, Chen Wenqing had already wasted a lot of time.

After Chen Wenqing went down the mountain, her purpose was very clear, so she went straight to Jiankang Mansion.

Liu Yunfeng.

The sub-viewer, Gu Jing, is in a very bad mood these days.

Because Chen Wenqing is still alive.

Gu Jing hadn't figured it out until now, how did Chen Wenqing escape from the encirclement of countless monsters in his early Golden Core stage?

and.

He also came out intact with his entourage from the Talisman Taoist Academy?

Gu Jing even used the demon banner, but he didn't even kill him. In the end, the demon banner was cut off by Chen Wenqing's sword.

"This child has become a phenomenon, it cannot be eliminated!"

Gu Jing watched Chen Wenqing jump from a handyman disciple to a core disciple of the inner sect.

That feeling, like a fly has been provoking you in front of your eyes, but you have nothing to do with him.

This made the dignified Zixia Temple's assistant viewer unable to swallow this breath.

"You are in the Zixia Temple, so it is not good for me to personally deal with you. After leaving the Zixia Temple, I will talk about it."

"Chen Wenqing, you must die!"

Gu Jing's mentality burst a little.

He also didn't understand.

Chen Wenqing is a mere miscellaneous spiritual root, how did he get into the eyes of Yuan Shouzheng, the master of Zixia Temple.

In fact, Gu Jing had been secretly looking for an opportunity to kill Chen Wenqing after the trial at the Demon Suppressing Tower was over.

However, he found that there was no chance to make a move.

I don't know when it started, but Chen Wenqing hooked up with the old man Yuan Shouzheng.

Moreover, he went fishing and drinking with Yuan Shouzheng twice in three days...

Gu Jing couldn't find a chance to make a move at all.

Moreover, following the exchanges between Chen Wenqing and Yuan Shouzheng in the past few days, the two of them have become friends who have forgotten their age.

obviously.

Chen Wenqing didn't know that the little old man he was talking about was the master of Zixia Temple. But Gu Jing knows this little old man!

Gu Jing knew that Yuan Shou was protecting Chen Wenqing.

Yuan Shouzheng is a wonderful little old man, and also a little old man with terrifying cultivation base.

It was this little old man who made Gu Jing not dare to mess around.

Nowadays, many people in Zixia Temple only know Gu Jing, but not Yuan Shouzheng.

That's because Yuan Shouzheng, an unattractive little old man, has gradually faded out of the Zixia audience's field of vision on his own initiative. Except for a small number of Zixia Temple's high-level executives, few people know him anymore.

because.

Ever since Jiang Chenghuan, head of Fulu Taoist Academy, attacked and injured Yuan Shouzheng in a sneak attack, Yuan Shouzheng no longer took charge.

Every day is not drinking and fishing, or playing chess alone. It seems that Zixia looks at everything and doesn't care about it.

However, although Yuan Shouzheng no longer cares about his affairs, one thing that cannot be ignored is that he is still the person with the highest level of cultivation in the Zixia Temple.

Gu Jing's heart is like a bright mirror, and Yuan Shouzheng can't beat him.

Therefore, Gu Jing could only do things behind the scenes, but he didn't dare to jump out and confront Yuan Shouzheng directly.

certainly.

So many things have happened in Zixia Temple, Yuan Shouzheng is very clear about who is behind all these manipulations.

only.

At present, there is no sufficient evidence, because Yuan Shouzheng is also waiting

, just waiting for the moment when Gu Jing showed his flaws.

After Chen Wenqing left Zixia Temple, the stone that had been suppressing him in his heart was finally removed.

after all.

It's extremely uncomfortable to have a person who is watching you secretly all the time, trying to kill you.

Chen Wenqing looked at the towering city wall in front of him and the crowd flowing under the city wall, smiled slightly and said.

"Jiankang Mansion, finally arrived!"

The chief arrester of the Heibingtai Police Department, Jiankang Mansion, the tiger's head with golden guns, also entered the Tao through martial arts.

When the god descended to earth, he may have broken his head, which is somewhat abnormal.


		