

Chen Wenqing bid farewell to the two senior brothers Zhang Qian and Wang Xu, and agreed to meet again tomorrow to celebrate them.

In fact, from the moment Chen Wenqing got the identity badge of Fulu Daoist Academy, he was no longer a handyman, but a real outer disciple of Zixiaguan. But now, Chen Wenqing was able to have an equal dialogue with the two senior brothers.

The two times Chen Wenqing came to the outer gate, he came and left in a hurry, and he didn't come in time to enjoy the scenery of the outer gate of Zixia Temple. But this time Chen Wenqing got what she wanted, so the way back was very leisurely and leisurely.

Chen Wenqing stopped and walked, looking at the clouds and mist in Tianmen Mountain, as well as the greenery that came into view, she couldn't help but sigh that this is indeed a blessed place for cultivating Taoism. In the mountains, there are a few scattered bamboo buildings hidden among them, and there is a strong mysterious aura around the bamboo buildings.

He slowed down and walked through the crystal-clear pond, only to see the lotus flowers blooming brilliantly among the green lotus leaves in the pond, swaying left and right in the breeze. There are pavilions, terraces and waterside pavilions beside the lotus pond, which are high and low, and look simple, but they are just right, as if they were made by nature. Chen Wenqing walked into the pavilion, with a faint fragrance of lotus in his nose, and walked through the winding corridors with scattered rocks.

At this time, I just feel that every plant, every tree, every water and every stone are all carefully distributed, as if they were laid out according to some kind of formation plan, obviously this is the masterpiece of the Taoist formation.

Before I knew it, I had reached the back mountain. At this time, the dilapidated thatched cottage can already be seen. Chen Wenqing suddenly stopped, and sat cross-legged under an old pine tree, immersing her consciousness in the soul space.

The mind and soul space was hazy, with only one "Shangqing Lingbao Manual" emitting a faint light in the corner. But beside the "Shangqing Lingbao Scripture", there is another ethereal phantom, which can be seen through the dim light, and the phantom looks exactly like the little Taoist priest.

"You came?"

"Yes, I'm here."

"Why did you come here this time?"

"I'm here to tell you that I have become an outer disciple of the Fulu Taoist Academy. I will help you achieve what you have not done. Moreover, I, Chen Wenqing, will help you realize your unfulfilled wishes one by one. !"

Chen Wenqing looked at Xu Ying's expression, and said seriously: "I know you are unwilling, but you are already dead. You can rest in peace and reincarnate!"

Xu Ying was silent for a moment before nodding, and said: "Chen Wenqing, you are indeed better than me! I will entrust you to avenge my parents and relatives in the future!"

"Walking the world, slaying demons and demons is the duty of a Taoist priest! What you have not done, I will do it for you. After all, you and I are one!"

Xu Ying said: "Okay, I believe you! Before I leave, I will give you another gift!"

"what gift?"

Xu Ying smiled slightly, but did not answer at this time, but turned into a stream of light and submerged into Chen Wenqing's soul.

Chen Wenqing's soul was shocked, and she felt that her soul had more than doubled in size, and the strength of her soul had also solidified a lot.

Feeling the strength of the soul, Chen Wenqing sighed, and said, "Oh! Why bother? Since I have already promised you, I will definitely keep my promise. You helped me at the price of losing my soul, this kindness I will remember!"

Chen Wenqing withdrew from the soul space and felt the power coming from the soul. She only felt that her mind was clear and her eyes and ears were clear.

Looking around, the mosquitoes are clearly visible a hundred meters away. Listening carefully, the sound of birds fluttering in the pine forest 500 meters away can be clearly heard.

Chen Wenqing had already arrived in front of the thatched cottage, and suddenly found that the hair clipped on the door bolt was gone. This discovery surprised Chen Wenqing!

"This door has been opened and half-closed by someone, obviously it has been moved. Someone has been here!?"

Through the crack of the door, Chen Wenqing could see that there was no one in the thatched cottage, and there was still a ball of hemp rope left on the ground.

"Sure enough, Chen Zhi has been discovered and rescued!"

Chen Wenqing pushed open the wooden door and walked into the thatched cottage. At this time, there was no one under the bed.

"It must have been rescued by someone who conspired with Chen Zhi. He probably found out that Chen Zhi was missing today, so he came to the door."

"Who is this man?"

Chen Wenqing thought for a moment, but had no clue.

"Chen Zhi was rescued, which also means that I have been exposed. Maybe someone is spying on everything in a certain corner. This place is no longer safe, and I have to leave as soon as possible."

As a handyman, Chen Wenqing had nothing to take care of, so he turned around and walked towards the outer door.

In fact, the number of times Chen Wenqing came to the outer sect in the past three days was more than the total number of times Chen Wenqing had visited the outer sect in the past three years. Yang Xu was still drinking tea at the door, when he saw Chen Wenqing go and come back, so he asked with a smile: "Junior Brother Chen, you can't wait for tomorrow, do you want to celebrate today instead? Hahaha..."

"Senior brother Yang was joking, I will stay at the outer gate tonight. There is nothing to clean up in the handyman's hall, just in time to get acquainted with the senior brothers."

"That's what Junior Brother said. Since that's the case, Junior Brother might as well get the clothes and cultivation resources needed to represent outer disciples first!"

"Okay, thank you brother for your advice."

Farewell to Yang Xu, Chen Wenqing came to the warehouse of the outer door by memory, only to see that there was already a long queue at the warehouse of the outer door, and it was the new disciples of the outer door who passed the assessment this time who were receiving a set of items.

At this time, Chen Wenqing saw a chubby person appearing in front of him, with a round head on his head and an excited expression on his face.

"Little brother, you are here too, we are so destined, I didn't expect to meet here again!"

"We are very destined, you passed the assessment? Congratulations!

Chen Wenqing looked at Li Youcai with a smile, his eyes were narrowed, and the corner of his mouth raised, and he said, "However, you can no longer call me little brother. From today on, you have to call me senior brother!"

"Brother, why do you call me brother?"

"Haha, look at the number on your identity badge, is it behind me? If I join the Fulu Dao Academy before you, then I will be your senior brother. This is an unchangeable fact."

After Chen Wenqing finished speaking, he saw a strange expression on Li Youcai's face, as if he couldn't accept that he was in his twenties and wanted to call a thirteen or fourteen-year-old senior brother.

Li Youcai showed embarrassment, and said, "Can I not call you brother, but can I call you by name?"

"Junior Brother Chen, don't worry! Calling me Senior Brother, you will definitely not lose anything, Senior Brother will protect you in the future! Hahaha..."

Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai were joking while queuing up. Although the two were more than ten years apart, Chen Wenqing came from time travel after all. He was not a teenager. The two had similar temperaments and could chat. It seems to be good to have such a brother in the future to practice Taoism for the first time.

As time passed, the long queue in front gradually shortened. Many new outer disciples had already received the elixir for cultivation and the clothes, shoes and socks of the outer disciples, and now they finally lined up in front of Chen Wenqing.

Just as Chen Wenqing was about to receive a set of items, two figures rushed in suddenly, squeezing Chen Wowenqing to the back!

Seeing this, Li Youcai immediately stood up and said, "How can you jump in line? Go to the back and line up!"

"Hey! When did the people of Fulu Daoist Academy dare to be so arrogant!"

Chen Youcai said angrily: "Is there any reason for you to jump in line?"

"I just jumped in line, what's the matter? Are you not convinced? You have the ability to hit me, you fat man!"

"What do you look at, and you, a stinky handyman! A good handyman should not learn from other people's cultivation. I don't even see if I am that material!"

When Chen Youcai heard this, he clenched his fists tightly, his face flushed with anger, and he said murderously, "I hate it when people call me fat! Are you courting death?"

"Heh! Looking for death? Just because of you fat man?"

"It's like a toad yawning, what a big tone!"


		