

As soon as Chen Wenqing's poem came out, Liu Rumei showed a surprised expression.

Obviously, this poem was written for Liu Rumei.

In the poem, she is praised for her unparalleled beauty, and she has the appearance of overwhelming the country and the city. And she believes in this, after the poem comes out, I am afraid that no one in the world will know her beauty.

"Young Master embroidered mouth, it is a beautiful poem. However, Rumei should not be praised by Young Master."

Liu Rumei's figure is graceful and graceful, shy and dewy, and her eyebrows and eyes are full of charm.

Chen Wenqing had never seen such a beautiful woman.

Just a glance has already sunk.

"Poverty Chen Wenqing, I have seen the girl, and she praised me absurdly." Chen Wenqing bowed lightly.

"Mr. Chen is a poetic genius. He must not be a person of Jiankang. I don't know where you come from?"

Liu Rumei's voice was like a clear spring in a deep valley, refreshing and joyful.

Chen Wenqing stood under the moonlight, graceful and graceful.

"Pindao came from Jiangnan Road, and it is indeed the first time he came to Jiankang Mansion..."

Liu Ru's eyebrows and pupils were cut, and there was a smile on the corner of her mouth.

"Young Master's talent is unparalleled in the world, and Rumei admires it very much. Before, Rumei thought that Young Master was the Confucian genius of Jixia Academy, but she didn't expect that he was actually a master of Taoism..."

Liu Rumei took a few steps forward towards Chen Wenqing with swaying lotus steps.

"My son's poems are so beautiful in ancient and modern times, especially this song "Shui Tiao Ge Tou" is full of ethereal fairy air, coupled with his elegant temperament and peerless appearance, he is also like a fairy descending from the world. Seeing it today, it makes me feel like the eyebrows Happy."

Chen Wenqing and Liu Rumei looked at each other, and they both saw appreciation in each other's eyes.

It was said.

When two people met, they all started with their appearance, respected their talents, followed their characters, lived long with their kindness, and finally their character.

This was the case between Chen Wenqing and Liu Rumei, with just one glance, one could tell what the other was thinking.

The full moon is like a silver plate, casting thousands of rays of light, and the two of them seem to be covered with a layer of white gauze.

The beauty of Liu Rumei seems to be in her bones, and her whole body exudes a unique attractiveness.

"Miss Liu looks high, she is ashamed to be poor."

Chen Wenqing said this on the lips, but she was also very happy in her heart.

No matter who is praised by such a beautiful woman in an almost admiring tone, there will be ripples in his heart.

Liu Rumei smiled at Yan Yan, her face was like a flying cloud.

"Young Master, the poems written in Hongxiuzhao today will definitely be famous in Kangcheng tomorrow, and my Hongxiuzhao will also become famous in the world in the name of you. If you have received your kindness, I don't know how to repay you."

Chen Wenqing's three handed down poems are handed down, which is definitely a very brilliant thing for Hongxiu Zhao.

It can be imagined that the red-sleeved move, which was already famous in Jiankang City, will surely become famous in one fell swoop and known all over the world.

The former Hongxiuzuo was just a place of fireworks; but the future Hongxiuzuo has become a gathering place for literati and refined scholars.

The reputation of Hongxiu Zhao will also be greatly changed.

The so-called, if the mountain is not high, there are immortals, and if the water is not deep, there will be dragons.

With these three handed down poems by Chen Wenqing, Hongxiu Zhao will also become unusual.

"Pindao originally came here today to drink and admire the moon, and writing poems is just in time. Girl Rumei doesn't need to care about it. There is no need to be polite and say things like repaying things."

Chen Wenqing never thought about asking the person in front of her, so she directly rejected Liu Rumei's kindness.

"Master, you have noble ambitions, and Rumei admires you. Since this is the case, then Rumei will accept your affection. In the future, my red sleeve trick and Rumei will be useful. Please don't shirk."

With a smile on her brows and eyes, Liu Ru became more and more satisfied with Chen Wenqing in front of her, and a faint affection emerged in her heart.

at this time.

A maid stepped forward to set up a red sandalwood table, and then served some exquisite wine and dishes one after another. Liu Rumei sat down in front of a guqin.

"Today, Rumei and Mr. Chen fell in love when they saw each other, and they were very happy.

Xing, please judge one or two. "

Liu Rumei's slender and round fingers brushed across the guzheng, and a piece of "Jiang Yue" began to be played.

Chen Wenqing raised his glass and drank alone, accompanied by the breeze and the zither, feeling relaxed like never before.

Chen Wenqing took one cup after another, immersed in the Guzheng music of Mingyue Dahe.

Stuffed with flowers, easy to get drunk.

The song "Jiang Yue" is also easy to get drunk.

certainly.

The most intoxicating thing is the fragrance from Liu Rumei's body and the smile on the corner of her mouth.

After the song "Jiang Yue".

Therefore, Chen Wenqing was undoubtedly drunk.

Although Liu Rumei didn't drink alcohol, her eyes were foggy and her expression was slightly drunk.

"Come here, help Mr. Chen to rest."

Liu Rumei looked at Chen Wenqing lying on the desk, she was a little lost in silence, but she didn't know what to think of, and her face flushed slightly.

Two maids stepped forward, one on the left and one on the right, helping Chen Wenqing to go to the fourth floor.

"and many more…"

Liu Rumei bit her red lips lightly, and said, "Since Mr. Chen has already gone up to the fifth floor, there is no reason for him to go to the fourth floor to rest."

Liu Rumei seemed to have made up her mind, and her face became serious.

"Help Mr. Chen to my room to rest."

Liu Rumei said.

"Girl, no. That's your boudoir. Wouldn't it be inappropriate for a man to enter rashly... If it gets out, the girl's reputation may be affected a lot!"

A maid in red said worriedly.

actually.

The reason why Hongxiuzhao is so famous is not because of Hongxiuzhao's wine or because of Hongxiuzhao's welcoming guests, it is essentially because of Liu Rumei herself.

Liu Rumei's eyebrows are the most beautiful in the world, and every talented person in Jiankang does not want to kiss Fangze.

Therefore, once it was reported that Liu Rumei had left the man in her boudoir for the night, the business of Hongxiu Zhao would probably plummet.

Therefore, the maids became nervous.

"No problem! Do as I say..."

Liu Rumei didn't change her mind because of the maid's words, and said decisively.

The moon is in the sky, and the night is dark.

The whole red sleeve move has gradually become quieter.

Chen Wenqing was lying in Liu Rumei's hibiscus tent, his eyes were closed tightly, his breathing was long and powerful, his face was slightly red, obviously he was still drunk and hadn't woken up yet.

Inside the hibiscus tent.

Liu Rumei, who was dressed in white, was sitting next to Chen Wenqing, her face was flushed with jade hands like peeling onion roots.

Liu Rumei quietly looked at Chen Wenqing's face in a daze, and saw that she slowly bent down, leaving a lip mark on Chen Wenqing's forehead, and then lay down beside Chen Wenqing.

I saw Liu Ru's eyebrows, dark clouds and temples, her apricot face and peach cheeks. Light spring mountains, delicate willow waist. It is like a begonia in a drunken moon, pear blossoms with rain, no less than a nine-day fairy descending to Yaochi.

Looking forward to the streamer, between beautiful eyes, the waves are shimmering, like hibiscus in distant mountains, flowers in the mirror and the moon in the water.

However, it's a pity that Chen Wenqing was already in a deep sleep and did not see this provocative scene.

In a trance, in a dream.

Chen Wenqing felt that she had turned into a swimming fish, swimming in the stream in the valley, over the hills, over the trough, and into a deep pool.

Indistinctly, there is a faint fragrance floating, and the singing of warblers bursts out.


		