

It was undoubtedly a huge surprise that Chen Wenqing reached the middle stage of Qi refining in just one night. Therefore, although he hadn't slept all night, he didn't feel sleepy at all.

Chen Wenqing looked out the window, only to see that the sky was already bright.

"When the sun rises, it should be Mao time; and the assessment starts at Si time. Chen Zhi should come to investigate early in the morning. If this is the case, then I have to make a good plan!"

Chen Wenqing looked around in the thatched cottage, and finally found a hammer in the corner, weighed it with his hand, and then tried to swing it a few more times. With the blessing of the cultivation base in the middle of the Qi refining period, he waved his hammer and made a whirring sound of piercing the air. Chen Wenqing believed that if the hammer fell, even a cow would fall.

"wrong!"

"For ordinary people, this hammer is absolutely unstoppable. However, Chen Zhinai is on the sixth floor of the Foundation Establishment Realm, which is two realms higher than me. I'm afraid this hammer won't be able to subdue him!"

"This hammer is still too light. You need to find a heavy object. It must be a one-hit kill, otherwise, when Chen Zhi recovers, I will definitely not be his opponent!"

So, Chen Wenqing thought about it carefully, and vaguely remembered that there seemed to be an ax lying under the two willow trees with crooked necks in front of the yard. Chen Wenqing cautiously looked out through the crack of the door, but luckily he didn't see Chen Zhi's figure.

"It should be safe to go out at this time!" Chen Wenqing did as he wanted.

So, he quickly ran to the willow tree, groping in the weed pile under the willow tree. After a while, a rusty ax was turned out from inside.

"You are the one!"

Chen Wenqing tried the feel of the axe, and it was really heavy and blunt. He believed that if the ax went down in a hurry, Chen Zhiding would be hard to resist.

Chen Wenqing returned to the thatched cottage with the ax in hand. Looking at the empty bed and frowning, I always feel that something is missing.

"Well, that's right! There should be a disguise missing!"

Chen Wenqing thought for a while, then tied the withered grass on the bed to look like a scarecrow, and then untied the large and worn Taoist robe and put it on the scarecrow. Finally, place the scarecrow so that its back faces the gate.

"This should be almost the same! However, be careful with the Wannian Ship, the light in this thatched cottage is still too bright."

Chen Wenqing found some rags to cover the sunlight leaking from the window lattice. Immediately, the light in the whole thatched cottage dimmed. He took a closer look, and he was relieved until he found no obvious flaws.

After getting everything ready, Chen Wenqing quietly hid behind the door with an ax in hand. Adjust your breathing and wait patiently for Chen Zhi to arrive.

Time passed slowly, and every minute and every second was a kind of torment for Chen Wenqing. Finally, Chen Wenqing heard soft footsteps coming from outside the yard, walking towards the thatched cottage.

With a "squeak", the door was pushed open, and a figure walked in.

Chen Wenqing could tell from the crack in the door that it was Chen Zhi who came.

at this time.

Chen Zhi pushed open the door, and at a glance, he saw a person lying on the bed, wearing the shabby Taoist robe he was familiar with, lying motionless on the bed at this moment, maintaining the posture from yesterday. Seeing this, Chen Zhi was overjoyed, it seemed that the little Taoist priest was dead.

Chen Zhi walked a few steps towards the bed board, and the light in the thatched cottage gradually dimmed. However, Chen Zhi didn't feel that there was anything wrong, he only opened his mouth and shouted a few words loudly.

"Stubborn donkey! Stubborn donkey, wake up..."

Chen Zhi yelled several times, seeing that the "person" on the wooden board did not respond, he raised the corner of his mouth, and then said with a smile:

"Stubborn donkey, don't blame me! If you want to blame, you can only blame your bad luck."

"You are as non-existent as this air, even if you die, no one will think about it! It would be best to replace you with someone else."

"The qi refining went mad, and he died suddenly. This reason is simply flawless! Hahaha..."

Between electric light and flint.

Just when Chen Zhi was proud, he suddenly felt a gust of wind coming from the back of his forehead.

Chen Zhi was startled, and shouted "No". Just as the spell was about to be cast, there was a heavy blow on the forehead. Chen Zhi tilted his head, and his body was like limp mud, lying on the ground unconscious.

Chen Wenqing stood behind Chen Zhi holding the axe, panting heavily, and the palms holding the ax handle were covered in cold sweat. At this time, seeing Chen Zhi lying on the ground, he couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief.

"Stubborn donkey? Fuck your sister's stubborn donkey..."

While Chen Wenqing was angry, she was also terrified for a while. In fact, he also thought about killing Chen Zhi with an axe, so as to avoid future troubles forever. However, Chen Wenqing was reincarnated and asked him to kill people with an ax rashly, he really couldn't do it. Therefore, he had to use the back of the ax to knock Chen Zhi unconscious.

"Foundation building, although it is still a mortal body. When I went down with the ax, Chen Zhi just passed out. Fortunately, I replaced the hammer with the back of the ax, otherwise I might not be able to take him down."

Chen Wenqing was overjoyed, and took out the hemp rope that had been prepared, and tied up Chen Zhi, who was limp and unconscious on the ground. Immediately, he found some rags to cover his mouth, for fear that Chen Zhi would wake up and yell.

"what is this?"

Chen Wenqing was about to hide the heavily bound Chen Zhi under the bed, but found a bag from Chen Zhi's body. The bag was filled with blue-gray pills, and there was a faint fluctuation of vitality coming from above.

"It looks like this should be some kind of elixir! Don't worry about it, just put it away first. After the assessment is over, I'll interrogate it carefully."

Chen Wenqing put the scarecrow's robe back on himself. After checking it around again, and found no mistakes or omissions, he took it to the door with confidence. Chen Wenqing walked a few steps, as if remembering something again, pulled out a hair from her head, and carefully embedded a hair on the latch.

After leaving the thatched cottage, Chen Wenqing spotted the direction of the outer door examination and ran away. Chen Wenqing was very anxious at this moment, after all, he had already wasted a lot of time dealing with Chen Zhi's affairs. I'm afraid that the outer door assessment has already started at this time. Therefore, he needs to rush over before the end of the first round of assessment. If you don't make it in time for the assessment, then everything will be forfeited!

The Zixia Guan outer gate assessment is divided into two parts.

The first part mainly assesses cultivation. It is mainly to test the cultivation of those who participate in the assessment, and to select the best for admission. The minimum requirement is to at least reach Qi Refining or above.

The second part mainly assesses the cultivation talent.

There are a total of five monasteries in Zixia Temple, namely Dan Dao College, Shu Dao College, Martial Arts College, Zhen Dao College, and Fulu College. These five monasteries represent different cultivation directions, and have different requirements for the cultivation talents of the recruited disciples.

Dan Daoyuan. Mainly in charge of collecting medicinal herbs, planting medicinal herbs, alchemy, curing diseases, etc. For example, the Qi Gathering Pill, Explosive Qi Pill, and Breaking Realm Pill used for daily practice in Zixia Temple are all refined by the Dan Dao Academy.

Academy of Arts. Mainly teach various Taoist spells and supernatural powers. For example, the common "Five Ghosts Transporting Technique", "Six Ding Liujia Technique", "Scattering Beans into Soldiers", "Wall Piercing Technique", "God Fighting Technique" and so on.

Budoin. The main way to enter the Tao is to use martial arts, and pay attention to breaking all laws with one force. Practitioners in the Martial Arts Institute are often proficient in eighteen martial arts, and they use the energy and blood they have cultivated like mercury to ward off demons and demons. Therefore, the Martial Dao Academy mainly recruits people who are from the army or rangers and heroes, and the requirements for spiritual roots are relatively low. However, those who enter the Martial Arts Institute often have strong martial arts strength themselves. Therefore, Budaoyuan has the strongest overall strength.

Array Taoist Temple. The main way to enter the Tao is to use arrays, and one needs to be familiar with the changes of yin and yang and the five elements. There are ten ordinary formations: there are square formations, circular formations, sparse formations, number formations, cone formations, geese formations, hook formations, Xuanxiang formations, fire formations, and water formations. . For example, the Soul Sealing Formation, Ghost Gate Formation, Liangyi Mote Formation, Liuding Liujia Formation, Eight Gate Golden Lock Formation and so on are often used by Daomen.

Talisman Taoist Temple. Pay attention to using talismans to enter the Tao, the so-called Tao of talismans. That is to say, with the essence of Tao, the simplicity of ink and the essence of meeting things. The so-called "talisman has no shape, it is spirit with qi". The way of talismans can move heaven and earth at the top, shake mountains and rivers at the bottom, enslave dragons and tigers in the bright, capture ghosts and gods in the dark, raise dead bones with merit, save life and death through cultivation, keep the country in the big, and dispel disasters in the small.

Chen Wenqing hurried all the way, and finally arrived at Zixia Guanwai Gate. However, as soon as Chen Wenqing arrived, he saw the vermilion gate of the outer gate from a distance, which was about to be slowly closed.

Seeing this, Chen Wenqing felt a chill in her heart.

"Oops! It's too late!"


		