

"do you died?"

"It's not dead yet! It seems to be hanging with its last breath..."

"Since he is not dead, let's wait until he is completely dead. Remember! This matter is top secret, otherwise if it is leaked, you and I will die without a place to die!"

"Don't worry, I'll save it! I promise nothing will go wrong..."

There were whispers in Chen Wenqing's ears, and he opened his eyes dimly, only to find himself in a blue-gray mist. In this space, you can't see your fingers, and you can't see a person. No smell, no taste, no touch, no feeling; a dead silence, no life!

"where is this?"

Chen Wenqing's surroundings were like chaos, and even his body was in an ethereal and illusory state, with no physical existence.

"Am I already dead?" Chen Wenqing opened her hands and clenched her fists tightly, but she couldn't feel the real touch of her palms.

"Live as if dead, half dead and half alive, and you can still hear the voices from the outside world. Could this be the bardo body mentioned by Taoism?"

There is a record in "Tao Zang": "From the death of the dead, the eighth consciousness leaves the body, and the process before reincarnation is called the bardo body."

For those who are in the bardo, the so-called front yin has disappeared, but the back yin has not yet arrived, and the bardo is present!

The anterior yin has expired, which means that the life span has been exhausted; the posterior yin has not yet arrived, which means that reincarnation has not yet occurred. And the soul state in the middle is called the "bardo body".

Just when Chen Wenqing was confused, suddenly a white light shot down from the vast dome and shone on his soul, like a brilliant sun melting ice and snow.

In an instant, wisps of white smoke came out of Chen Wenqing's soul, making a "Zi Zi Zi" sound. After a burst of pain, Chen Wenqing's eyes went blank, and his soul turned into nothingness and plunged into a colorful vortex.


"what..."

A long cry of pain suddenly came from the dilapidated thatched cottage on the back mountain, breaking the silence, and startled a few tits flying from the willow branches in front of the yard. The tit fluttered its wings in mid-air, its red beak chirping, as if cursing something.

After the cry of pain, there was no movement in the thatched cottage.

It was not until a while later that the rotten wooden door in front of the hall opened with a "babbling" sound, and only then did a young man come out of the dilapidated thatched cottage.

The boy was about thirteen or fourteen years old, with a thin body, pale face, and hollow eyes. There was a little confusion in his expression, but it lacked the look that should be expected at this age.

The young man was wearing a plain Taoist robe, which was patched crookedly with thick hemp thread, crawling around the hem like a centipede, very ugly. Perhaps, because the young man was too thin, the Taoist robe looked a bit loose and didn't fit well, and the Taoist robe was a little white from the starch, presumably it must have been worn for some years.

The boy rubbed his needle-like head vigorously, and walked out of the thatched cottage in a daze.

At this time, the bright sunlight slanted on his face, reflecting a green and pale face. The young man slowly raised his palms to cover the glare of the sun, and then walked lightly and heavily to the willow tree with crooked neck He randomly found a wooden pier and sat down slowly.

The mountain wind blows slowly, the young man looks at the clouds rolling and relaxing in the sky, and keeps silent to the winding green hills in the distance. It wasn't until the sun was setting in the west, and the setting sun was like blood, that the young man's empty eyes gradually gained focus and expression. He let out a long sigh, and then slowly stood up from the stake...

This boy is Chen Wenqing.

As a time traveler, Chen Wenqing was actually an archaeological expert before that.

Among the latest cultural relics unearthed in Sanxingdui, Chen Wenqing found a broken heavenly book. This heavenly book is neither gold nor stone, even with the most sophisticated modern instruments, it is impossible to detect what kind of material it is.

The sun, moon, stars, mountains, rivers, and great rivers are engraved on the broken heavenly scriptures, and mysterious runes and Taoist rhymes are outlined, which is dazzling. And these mysterious runes are the "Dao Runes", but no one in this world can know the meaning of them.

In order to unravel the secrets of the Heavenly Book, Chen Wenqing spent more than two years studying Taoist scriptures, runes, spells, and incantations, and even visited experts in Taoist holy places, such as Qiyun Mountain, Longhu Mountain, Wudang Mountain, Qingcheng Mountain, etc. But all got nothing.

In order to continue to pursue the path, Chen Wenqing tried day and night to put together the broken heavenly scriptures. However, the heavenly book is like a feather in auspicious light, like a claw in slush, without any trace to be found.

Finally, hard work paid off, and Chen Wenqing finally put together the heavenly book. However, due to overwork, he died suddenly on the heavenly book, but the divine soul was brought by the heavenly book and passed through to this little Taoist priest.

The setting sun melts gold and the sun sets.

Chen Wenqing looked at the haze all over the mountain, and it sprinkled a piece of golden yellow in the afterglow of the setting sun. From the Taoist temple in the distance, the sound of bells echoed in the mountains, and he knew that the evening class time of Zixia Temple had arrived.

However, little Taoist priests do not have to do evening classes.

From the remaining memories in my mind, I know that I am now in a place called Zixia Temple. Chen Wenqing's original body was just a little Taoist priest in Zixia Temple.

And handymen are not qualified to do homework!

Zixia Temple is located in Tianmen Mountain in Wulingyuan. Whenever the sun sets, purple clouds will rise in the mountains, so it is called Zixia Temple. Zixia Temple is a well-known Taoist place for practice. Not only there are thousands of peaks competing for beauty, thousands of ravines competing for streams, but also waterfalls flying obliquely and vines hanging upside down.

There are more than 2,000 disciples in the temple, who are the direct disciples, core disciples, outer sect disciples and handyman disciples.

The number of direct disciples is very small, and they are regarded as the mainstay, and enjoy a very respected status in the temple. Personal disciples not only accept personal guidance from the temple master and the lord, but also a steady stream of pills, spells, and magic tools for practice.

The core disciples are slightly worse, but they are also carefully cultivated by Jianzhai and mages on weekdays, and they will not be stingy with cultivation resources.

The disciples of the outer sect are mainly taught by the Taoist sect one by one, the number of them is also the largest, and the resources for cultivation are also limited. Therefore, it is necessary to make some contributions to the Taoist temple in exchange for cultivation resources.

As for the handyman disciples, they are not qualified to practice, nor can they enjoy any cultivation resources in the Taoist temple. The handyman is considered the lowest status person in the Taoist temple.

Unfortunately, Chen Wenqing was in the body of a handyman disciple.

However, at this time, Chen Wenqing not only didn't feel disappointed, but felt that it was a great opportunity given to him by the heavens.

"I am seeking benevolence and gaining benevolence, how lucky I am!"

Chen Wenqing looked at the purple clouds all over the mountain, a faint smile appeared on the corner of his mouth, and said silently in his heart.

In the messy memory, Chen Wenqing discovered that this is not an ordinary world, but a gorgeous world full of Taoism, magical powers, talismans and magic spells.

In order to pursue all these, Chen Wenqing spent nearly three years and did not unlock the secret until the end of her life.

Chen Wenqing slowly stretched out her palm, seemingly unintentionally brushing against the crooked-neck tree beside her, and there was a muffled sound of "bang" on the willow tree. The willow tree trembled, and the willow leaves fell, but a faint palm print remained on the hard willow bark.

"Sure enough, this is a real heavenly book!"

"This is the real way!"

Chen Wenqing stared at her slowly raised palm, amazed in her heart, and murmured: "Could this be the legendary Qi Refining Realm? I really didn't expect that I would have a day of cultivation!"


		