

"Oh? Where did this come from again?" The giant anaconda stared at the figure that suddenly appeared in front of him, and said dismissively, "What Zhangjia Village, I've never heard of it! There are countless villages where the god beats teeth. Jiacun has never heard of it!"

"Naughty animal! You have committed many evils, and your crimes are unforgivable. I will remind you well today." After speaking, the tall and thin man drew his knife and killed the giant anaconda!

"die!"

A blade exuded a cold breath, slashed at the boa, and broke through the water curtain to reach the head of the boa.

"Ding!" The sword slashed on the boa's head, making a sound of gold and iron, leaving a white mark on the boa's neck.

"Ants! You are looking for death. Since you dare to blaspheme God, I will swallow you alive today!" Although Dao Gang did not break through the defense of the giant boa, but under the defense, the giant boa suffered from pain under Dao Gang. roar.

Jets of water spewed out of the giant anaconda's mouth, and under the freezing cold, they turned into ice skates and ice arrows and hit the tall and thin man.

"Brother Zhang, be careful!"

Chen Wenqing looked at the swords all over the sky, covering Zhang Qian's whole body together, it seemed inevitable.

"Drink! Spring and Autumn Saber Technique, broken!"

Zhang Qian let out a loud shout, the light of the knife in Wu Dancing's hand could not enter, and chopped the oncoming ice knife and ice sword into fine powder, which dissipated in the air.

"Enter Dao with martial arts?" The giant anaconda, as the God of Poyang River, has extraordinary insight. He quickly recognized the ants in front of him, and he has broken through the worldly realm of martial arts and reached the point of entering Dao with martial arts.

There are three thousand avenues, all of which can be entered.

Entering the Tao with martial arts, breaking the limits of one's physical body, breaking through the confinement, not only the strength of one's own physical body is extremely high, but also the power of heaven and earth can be mobilized, so those who enter the Tao with martial arts have extraordinary combat power.

"So what if you enter the Tao with martial arts, your realm is still far behind! It's wishful thinking to defeat this god. In the eyes of this god, it's just a stronger ant, and this god can still be crushed to death with one finger!"

The giant anaconda stirred in the Poyang River, and the water level of the Poyang River rose by more than ten feet in an instant, forming a huge wave, hitting Zhang Qian, Chen Wenqing and the government servants on the bank.

"Ah... run away..."

"The river god is angry, we are doomed!"

"Run! Run quickly..."

The yamen servants on the shore looked at the huge waves of more than ten feet, and they took pictures on their heads as if covering the sky and covering the sun. They were immediately frightened.

"Monster, dare!" Seeing this, Chen Wenqing waved the mahogany sword, and one after another fire talisman turned into flames and headed towards the huge wave, forming a huge wall of fire to block the huge wave.

"Hoo hoo hoo..." Chen Wenqing was sweating on his forehead, propped one hand on the desk, and the mahogany sword in his hand fell on the altar, panting like a cow.

"The consumption is too great, and the spiritual energy in the body is not left in just this blow. The gap is too big!" Chen Wenqing faintly felt that his headache was about to split, and it was too reluctant to resist head-on.

"It's ridiculous that an ant wants to hit a rock with an egg, go to hell!" The giant boa flicked its tail, and sent a huge wave towards Chen Wenqing who was on the altar.

"Monster, eat me!"

Zhang Qian took advantage of the fact that the giant anaconda was distracted from dealing with Chen Wenqing, gathered the spiritual energy in his whole body, and slashed at the giant anaconda at its peak. Dao Gang broke through the monstrous river water, slashed heavily on the long tail of the giant boa, and directly split the scales of the giant boa, exposing the flesh and blood inside.

"Aw..." The giant boa let out a scream, which resounded in the sky of the entire Poyang County.

"Little ant, how dare you hurt me?" The giant anaconda turned around in a rage, opened its mouth and bit Zhang Qian, "I'll swallow you alive first!"

The speed of the giant anaconda was extremely fast, and it aroused a ferocious aura when it was injured. It exuded a terrifying and powerful aura. Zhang Qian couldn't resist head-on. hurt.

"Little mortal, the light of the firefly, dare to compete with the bright moon! Die!" The giant anaconda gathered extremely cold air in its huge mouth, locked Zhang Qian's body, and was about to spit towards Zhang Qian.

At the time of this crisis, Zhang Qian felt a chill in his heart. Under the serious injury, his internal breath was in a mess, and it was too late to dodge.

"Confucianism, Taoism, holy words, the sage said: You can't talk about strange powers and chaos gods! Be determined!"

The mighty aura of Confucianism and Taoism radiated from Li Youcai's body. Li Youcai pointed at the sky with one hand and saw a hole in the sky. A milky white mighty aura descended from the sky and landed on the giant boa. move.

"Roar..." The giant anaconda let out a low growl, and was about to struggle to get out, but suddenly felt that his mind was bewildered and his body was numb, and he had nowhere to use his strength.

Seeing this, Zhang Qian secretly thought of a good opportunity, jumped up with the knife in hand, exhausted all the mysterious spirit energy in his body, and turned into a slash with the strongest knife.

"Death!" Zhang Qian yelled, and a crescent-shaped blade flashed away. The blade broke through the defense of the giant boa and sank into the head of the giant boa. The Poyang River was dyed red.

The giant anaconda let out a shrill scream, and kept struggling and slapped the people on the river embankment with its huge tail. For a while, many government servants were killed and injured, and even the altar was shattered under the attack of the giant anaconda.

At this time, the giant anaconda could no longer maintain its huge dharma body, and turned into the original appearance of a middle-aged man. A deep knife mark appeared on the left face of the middle-aged man, and his left eye had been chopped off.

The middle-aged man was breathless at this time, unable to stand firmly in the waves, covering his left eye with one hand, panting and said: "Despicable and shameless, how dare you to be so blasphemous by putting medicine in the tribute."

Seeing that the medicine in the tribute finally worked, Chen Wenqing couldn't help heaving a sigh of relief, and said, "Despicable and shameless? No matter how despicable the method is to deal with you, an evil animal that has harmed countless people, it is bright. Don't call it blasphemy. Now, today I will kill God!"

On the only remaining vertical pupil of the big man, there was a faint light, revealing hatred. At this time, he also understood that the current situation was endless, so he took out a green bottle from his arms without further ado, A golden pill was poured out.

"Ants, just a few of you want to kill me? No matter how many schemes you have, you are helpless in the face of absolute strength!" After finishing speaking, he swallowed the golden core, and suddenly, a powerful breath emanated from the big man's body. After it was released, two horns appeared on the big man's forehead, the wound on his cheek also recovered as before, and a crazy look appeared in his one eye.

"Roar......"

The big man let out a loud roar, and the scattered sound waves sent Chen Wenqing, Li Youcai and others flying out. The big man jumped into the water and turned into a dragon, rolling in the Poyang River. Suddenly, a huge wave rose to a height of more than 30 feet, with a mighty momentum. The dragon stood on the waves, overlooking the entire Poyang County. .

"Ignorant ants, how dare you hurt this god. Today, this god will flood Poyang County and slaughter Poyang City! You should die!" As soon as the words fell, a huge wave of more than 30 feet was driven across the river embankment , Sweeping towards Poyang County like an overwhelming mountain.

At this moment.

A huge picture scroll descended from the sky, covering the sky and blocking the sun, intercepting the raging waves and preventing the flood from entering.

Not far away, an old figure slowly walked over, exuding a blazing Confucian and Taoist aura like the scorching sun, illuminating the gray beard and hair. The figure walked extremely slowly step by step, but suddenly came to Chen Wenqing in a few steps.

"Xiaodao has met Master Wei, thank you, Mr. Wei, for coming to help." Chen Wenqing was overjoyed, and bowed in salute.

"No need to be too polite!" Wei Zheng nodded and said, "Poyang County is where I live in seclusion. Although the old man is useless, he can't just watch the young people fighting in front of him and remain indifferent."

Seeing that the flood was blocked, Jiaolong didn't care. He looked down at the crowd and said, "A mere mortal wants to block the car with his arms! I think you can block it for a while, but you can't stop it forever. The water in Poyang is getting deeper and heavier. I don't think so." How long will your Confucianism and Taoism consume!" After finishing speaking, he set off a huge wave and rushed towards the scroll, one after another, making Wei Zhengde's face pale a little bit each time.

Chen Wenqing looked at Wei Zheng's face getting more and more tired, anxious in his heart, thinking about various ways in a hurry.

at this time.

Out of the corner of her eye, Chen Wenqing saw the chunky figure of County Magistrate Qu secretly retreating, apparently about to escape, and she didn't even notice that the official seal fell on the muddy ground. Seeing this, Chen Wenqing had an inspiration in his heart, and shouted: "Magistrate Qu! Let me use your official seal!" After speaking, he pointed far away, and a mysterious spirit wrapped in the official seal flew into the air, and then said to Li Youcai: " Junior brother, please project the scene of this great battle into the sky, I want all the people in Poyang County to see it!"

Li Youcai didn't say much when he heard the words, only to gather all the Confucianism in his body and shout: "Confucianism-flowers in the mirror and moon in the water!"

Immediately, the water vapor in the sky filled with reflections, like a mirror, projecting the scene of the battle in the sky.

With no distractions, Chen Wenqing poured out all the Qi Gathering Pills while meditating on the "Shangqing Lingbao Manual", stuffing them into his mouth like eating jelly beans. Soon, I felt the shriveled aura in the meridians, which quickly condensed.

At this time, Chen Wenqing stepped on the aura of the mysterious spirit, slowly rose in mid-air, and shouted in the direction of Poyang County.

"People of Poyang County! I am Chen Wenqing, the mountain god of Fuyun Mountain, and I have conferred it on heaven!"

"The God of Poyang River has disregarded human life for many years and killed countless people! He has displaced countless people from their homes and made their lives miserable!"

"Today, we are here to eliminate demons on behalf of the heavens! May the people of Poyang help us!"

Chen Wenqing stepped on the seven stars, pinched his fingers with his left hand, drew a talisman in the void with his right hand, and opened his eyebrows and eyes. He projected the mountain god seal and laws in his soul into the air, surrounded by the official seal of Poyang County, and a trace of thought power continued to gather from the official seal of Poyang County On Chen Wenqing, Chen Wenqing tore apart the dark clouds like the scorching sun in the sky!

"Naughty animal! As the God of Poyang River, you have done a lot of evil!"

"Today! As the mountain god of Fuyun Mountain, I will fight with you!"

"Large array! Get up!"

Chen Wenqing yelled loudly, and the people in the entire Poyang County heard bursts of roars, which sounded like thunder in the direction of Fuyun Mountain. Immediately afterwards, I felt a wave of shaking...

at this time.

On Fuyun Mountain, boulders flew towards the sky one by one, pulled by infinite thoughts, and quickly came to the bank of Poyang River!

With a solemn expression, Chen Wenqing pointed at the huge boulder in the sky that covered the sky and said to Jiaolong: "Build a big formation!"

"fall!"

Immediately, boulders fell from the sky like meteorites with a strong pressure!

"Monster! Die!"


		