

Yandang Lake.

In the cave.

Chen Wenqing vomited blood, his clothes were stained red, and he was breathing hot all over. He was obviously injured by the monk's two supernatural powers of "Buddha's Wrath Golden Flame" and "Buddha Kingdom in the Palm".

"Brother, what's wrong with you? Why did you suffer such a serious injury?" Xiao Huihui appeared in the cave and asked anxiously.

"Cough, cough, cough..." Chen Wenqing coughed violently, feeling the displacement of internal organs, coughing up blood, her face was pale, and her voice was almost inaudible.

"Someone wants to kill me...cough cough...a trap was set up for the siege, but I managed to escape temporarily. Now...we are not out of danger yet, Xiao Huihui needs you to take me out of here as soon as possible."

Chen Wenqing dragged her seriously injured body, her breathing was extremely unsteady, this was a serious injury she had never suffered before.

"Fortunately, Xiao Huihui, you arrived in time, otherwise I will definitely be found here in a while." Chen Wenqing struggled to stand up.

"Brother, don't talk about it now. I'll take you away. When I came here just now, I found that a formation and an enchantment have been arranged here. Although I can break the enchantment and leave, but you, brother, will touch it. Touch the enchantment and be perceived by others."

"Xiao Huihui, cough cough cough... If I remember correctly, Treasure Hunting Mouse has a supernatural ability to escape from the ground, and can lead me away from the ground." Chen Wenqing was almost in a coma, and forced himself to explain the words clearly .

"Yes, brother! I will use my supernatural powers to take you away, hold on!"

Chen Wenqing, who was seriously injured on Xiao Huihui's back and unconscious, activated the supernatural power of escaping from the ground, and left the cave by the Yandang Lake.

Not a while after Chen Wenqing and others left, the monks and Taoists had already found this place, but Chen Wenqing was nowhere to be seen.

"Amitabha!" Harmony proclaimed a Buddha's name, and said: "There is still the breath of the little Taoist priest here, it should not be long since he left! Thinking about it, the little Taoist priest is still nearby, let's find him as soon as possible, so as not to have long nights and dreams!"

The Taoist nodded and said: "Okay! Let's continue to pursue separately. If we encounter a deadly attack, we must hold back! Yandang Lake has been sealed by our formation for so long, and sooner or later it will be noticed!"

The two of them never thought that Chen Wenqing had already left Yandang Lake, let alone that Chen Wenqing had a spirit beast, Xiao Huihui, which was a treasure hunting mouse, and had the ability to ignore formations and barriers.

at this time.

Chen Wenqing was rescued by Xiao Huihui and brought back to the Fulu Daoist Temple, finally out of danger.

Everyone rushed over after hearing the news, and saw that Chen Wenqing, who was lying on the bed at this time, had fallen into a coma.

"Xiao Huihui, what's going on? Brother, didn't he go to Yandang Lake at the invitation of Brother Zhang? How could he be so seriously injured? What happened?" Li Youcai asked anxiously, with a look of dismay on his face. untie!

"I heard that elder brother said before he fell into a coma that he was designed by others, and there was no senior brother Zhang Qian asking him out. It was someone else who set up a dead end in Yandang Lake and wanted to kill elder brother." Xiao Huihui replied.

Hearing this, Cheng Jiaoyu frowned tightly, feeling Chen Wenqing's injury quietly, and his face became more serious.

"Wenqing was injured by a Buddhist technique, a palm technique and a fire technique. In addition, the surface of Wenqing's body seemed to be injured by a sharp weapon, but it was just some skin trauma. It seemed to be a Taoist technique. The Taoism of the wind attribute!"

Li Youcai said: "Teaching you means that there are two people to deal with senior brother, one from Buddhism and one from Taoism?"

"That's right!" Cheng Jiaoyu nodded and said.

"However, there is a large protective formation in Zixia Temple, why can outsiders enter my Zixia Temple to kill people at will? Moreover, just now, after hearing what Xiao Huihui said, did you set up a formation barrier in advance to block the perception of the outside world? Who is it that has such great energy to do such a thing?"

Li Youcai was really puzzled, and asked: "Who did the brother offend? Do you need to work hard to kill them all?"

Li Youcai suddenly felt that Zixia Temple, which he had stayed for so long, suddenly became strange. In the past, Li Youcai believed that demons and ghosts were rampant in the outside world, which was very dangerous. However, now he feels that the invisible danger is the most deadly, and he can't help but feel horrified.

When Cheng Jiaoyu heard Li Youcai's words, he seemed to have thought of something, and his expression became extremely ugly. Said: "Leave this matter to me! Take care of Wen Qing first, and I will come as soon as I go!"

Seeing that Cheng Jiaoyu was about to leave at this time, Li Youcai asked, "Jiaoyu, where are you going at this time?"

Without looking back, Cheng Jiaoyu left the Fulu Daoist Academy in a flash, and a voice came from afar: "No one in the Fulu Daoist Academy bullies me, I will make them pay the price they deserve!"


		