

"Be careful!"

Chen Wenqing jumped and threw Li Youcai to the ground. At this moment, the eight flying swords roared past the two of them, making one's scalp tingle!

"This is not a fight at all! This is killing us!"

Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai looked at each other, and they both saw some doubts and surprises in each other's eyes!

"Youcai, attack his left leg later. I see that his left leg seems to have an old wound that hasn't healed, that's where his weak point is!"

"it is good!"

The two got up from the ground, regardless of their distressed appearance. Li Youcai was engrossed, and the air of Confucianism and Taoism was circling around his body, and he shouted loudly: "Confucianism - painting the ground is a prison! Set it!"

I saw a milky white light shining from Li Youcai's fingertips, forming a circle and attacking the left leg of the disciple of the Taoist Academy!

Li Youcai did not stop after performing a piece of Confucianism, but immediately said again: "Confucianism-Jin Ge iron horse, swallows thousands of miles like a tiger! Iron ride out!"

Clouds rolled in the sky, and Confucianism and Taoism quickly gathered to form a heavenly horse and neighed. I saw a general riding a war horse, stepping on clouds and rushing from mid-air!

"Where the soldiers are headed, there is death but not life!"

"kill!"

Sure enough, as Chen Wenqing said, the disciple of the Shu Dao School seemed to have an old injury on his left foot, and his actions were quite awkward. Li Youcai's Confucianism - painting the ground as a prison, has already tightly trapped his left foot on the ground, making it impossible for him to break free in a short time!

At this moment, the Confucianism-Jin Ge Iron Horse had already reached the front, and the disciples of the Shu Dao Academy felt the power of the front and iron hooves formed by the spirit of Confucianism and Taoism. The general held the halberd formed by Confucianism and Daoism, and had already touched the forehead of the disciple of the Shu Dao Academy. Under the cold air, blood was already seen between the foreheads, flowing down the cheeks, and dripping on the ground.

The disciples of the Shu Dao Institute suddenly felt cold, sweating all over their bodies, they couldn't help but panicked and shouted: "Stop, we surrender!"

Li Youcai waved his hand when he heard the words, and said, "Confucianism-dispel!"

In an instant, the gold and iron horse formed by the spirit of Confucianism and Taoism dissipated between heaven and earth.

"Huh! I'll let you off this time, and I hope you will do your own thing in the future. From now on, speak well, accumulate virtue in your mouth, and show respect to Fuluyuan. Otherwise, I will let you taste the power of Confucianism again!"

Li Youcai narrowly defeated the opponent, and all the depression in his heart was gone. At this time, he was full of energy and said sharply.

"Look at your complacent look, what's so great about you. The disciples of the Fulu Taoist Academy use Confucianism in battle, what is it!"

"That's right, that's right! The Fulu Daoist Academy doesn't use Fulu, but relies on other techniques in the end. Isn't it just a trick?"

"Ah... Fulu Taoist Academy, after all, is in decline! Let's just cancel it next year!"

Whispering came from the crowd, and they didn't even care about the existence of Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai. The voices of ridicule became louder and louder, and the words they spoke became more and more ugly.

Chen Wenqing became angry when she heard the words, and said: "You are simply talking nonsense, you are talking nonsense with your eyes open, so confusing black and white!"

"The two of us just joined the Fulu Taoist Academy today, and have never learned the way of Fulu Dao! If the two of you are not mistaken, they should be old disciples of the Shudao Academy?! You have been practicing magic for more than a year. ?”

"You are not new disciples, but you come to the new disciples' side to jump in the queue. You are just trying to find fault with us! At this time, you are defeated by us, and you are still brazen, saying that we don't use the way of talismans, which is simply unreasonable!"

"So right and wrong, nonsense. I am not targeting anyone, but saying that everyone present is rubbish! I have never seen such a brazen person!"

Chen Wenqing scolded the laughing disciples around him, regardless of whether the opponent was from the Dao Academy of Art, the Dao Academy of Alchemy, or the Academy of Martial Arts, they all included it. Everyone who scolded directly at the scene was full of smoke, tearing their ugly faces off!

At this time, Chen Wenqing's words made everyone stare at Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai closely, wishing they could choose someone to devour!

"good, very good!"

"I didn't expect that the disciples of this year's Fulu Academy are still tough, with such sharp teeth and sharp mouths."

"Didn't you say that you just entered the Fulu Academy? If that's the case, then I will challenge you and agree that we will fight again after three months. At that time, the loser will not only have to leave Zixia Temple, but also kneel down in public , Apologize for what you said today!"

"How, do you dare to continue?"

"Aren't you very strong? You don't even have this courage?!"

Chen Wenqing looked at everyone with mockery in his eyes. Hearing the words at this time, he felt his heart tense, and secretly said: "Sure enough, everything is well prepared! This should be a well-designed trap for the other party, and it is definitely trying to force us to agree. Then beat us!"

"Never be fooled!"

Chen Wenqing was sure that the other party had some kind of conspiracy in her heart, and was about to refuse aloud, but she heard Li Youcai say.

"Okay, we agree! Then three months later we will compete! At that time, we will definitely beat the two of you to the ground!"

After finishing speaking, he still looked at Chen Wenqing proudly, as if he was waiting for Chen Wenqing's praise and approval.

"This is obviously a trap, but I didn't expect you to agree to it." Chen Wenqing looked at Li Youcai with a surprised face at this moment, speechless in her heart.

"Hahaha... That's good! There are so many disciples from the outer sect here today! Then we will compete in three months. However, we only want to see the charm of the talisman at that time, not the use of Confucianism! "

"Don't worry, it's not easy to deal with you two chickens and dogs. Open your eyes and have a look at that time, our Fulu Taoist Academy is very powerful!"

Chen Wenqing looked at Li Youcai's confident face and couldn't help but touch his forehead. What a heart! Can't you see such an obvious trap? Jump straight in!

"Brother Chen, how is it? How did I behave just now? Was it high-spirited and handsome? Look at them all smiling at me, are they overwhelmed by my demeanor?!"

"Hey! Brother Cai, can't you see that this is a trap, it's obviously a special situation for us!"

"What trap? What bureau? I just can't get enough of them insulting people like this. Not only insulting you and me, but also the Fulu Dao Academy. Now that we are disciples of the Fulu Dao Academy, we must maintain the glory of the Fulu Dao Academy!"

"What's more, don't we still have three months! What are you afraid of, when I release the talisman, both of you will surrender!"

Chen Wenqing stared straight at Li Youcai, and found that he was not joking but serious. He couldn't help sighing in his heart: "It seems that it's not unreasonable for you to practice Confucianism and Taoism for more than ten years before reaching Juren. IQ, I feel anxious for you just looking at it!"

"Have you ever thought about it, those two people in Shu Dao Academy are obviously the last entry-level practitioners, and they have been practicing for at least a year. And it took us only three months, why can we catch up with the Dao of Talismans? The same realm, and win the battle?"

"To be honest, what confidence do we have to fight with each other now? We don't even know how to draw symbols!"

"Don't worry, Senior Brother Li! Soldiers will block you, water will come to cover you. There will be a solution at that time. As the saying goes, if a man is angry, he will bleed for a hundred steps! Since they want to humiliate me, how can we do it ourselves?"

Chen Wenqing let out a long sigh, and said: "This is the only way to go now. There must be a way for the car to reach the mountain. This matter can only be discussed in the long run. For today's matter, tomorrow I must ask the teacher for advice."

"There must be a reason why the Fulu Daoist Academy is being excluded."

"Also, these two people are clearly prepared!"


		