

When Chen Wenqing threw out these four sentences, the whole cottage fell silent, and everyone was shocked by these short four sentences and couldn't speak.

Chen Wenqing looked at the stunned crowd and smiled slightly, thinking: "To deal with Confucian and Taoist people, this "Hengqu Four Sentences" is the most effective."

After a while.

Wei Zhengcai came to his senses from the shock, and with a look of shame on his face, he said: "The little Taoist priest has great ambitions and is very approachable. I really feel ashamed of this old man!"

Wei Zheng sighed lightly, and said: "Please wait a moment, I will return as soon as I go." After speaking, he turned and walked towards the cottage, leaving Chen Wenqing and others looking at each other in blank dismay.

It took Wei Zheng a while to come out, holding a long and narrow wooden box in his hand. On the surface of the wooden box, a flying dragon pattern could be seen vaguely outlined in gold paint. Perhaps because of the long time, the gold paint has faded a lot, and it looks a little mottled.

"I've kept you waiting for a long time," Wei Zheng opened the wooden box while speaking, at this time a simple long sword appeared in front of everyone.

"This is the dragon-slaying sword you want." Wei Zheng pulled out the dragon-slaying sword, which immediately made the cottage feel a strong scorching heat. Although it was raining outside, it made everyone feel hot.

"Little Taoist priest, the old man made an exception to lend you this sword today. I hope you will remember your words and use this sword to kill this evil animal and protect the peace of Poyang County."

Chen Wenqing was overjoyed when he heard the words, and said: "Thank you, Mr. Wei, for your trust. We will live up to Mr. Wei's expectations, and we will kill this monster to comfort the people of Poyang County."

"I hope so!"

Looking at Chen Wenqing's young face, Wei Zheng sighed and said, "If it's impossible to go..."

"Just go and never come back!" Chen Wenqing replied resolutely.

Wei Zheng nodded heavily when he heard the words, took a deep breath and said, "Okay! The old man knows! I don't know what you are planning. If there is anything that needs the old man's help, just say it. Although the old man is not in court now, there are still some things to say. Works."

"There is indeed one more thing that makes Xiaodao a headache." Chen Wenqing was very pleasantly surprised when he heard this sentence, and said: "There are many common people on the banks of the Poyang River. If they fight this monster in three days, I am afraid it will bring disaster to the people. Therefore, Xiaodao I implore Mr. Wei, can you help me coordinate, now that the Poyang county magistrate is in the prime position, I'm afraid it's..."

"This matter is easy. The old man can let Chang Ling do it. If the Poyang county magistrate can't even do this well, the county magistrate will do it well."

Chen Wenqing was overjoyed when he heard the words, and said: "It's very good! Pindao thanked Mr. Wei on behalf of the people of Poyang County. If this is done, Mr. Wei will have to contribute."

"Okay! I don't need to say anything superfluous, I will leave the dragon sword to you, remember to be careful!"

"Xiaodao, thank you, Mr. Wei, for your concern. I'm sorry to disturb you, so I'll leave now." After speaking, Chen Wenqing left with Li Youcai and Xiao Huihui.

Wei Zheng watched the figures of Chen Wenqing and others gradually disappear in the mist and mist. After standing there for a moment, he said, "Changling, help spread the paper and ink for the master. I want to draw a picture of Dayu's water control."

"Master, you want to..."

"That's right! Even a thirteen or fourteen-year-old Taoist priest can disregard life and death. This old man is an old man, so what can we feel sorry for?"

After Wei Zheng finished speaking, a Confucian and Daoist aura rose up all over his body, driving away the rain on the thatched cottage, and a milky white light lit up, driving back the dark clouds in the sky.

Xu Changling looked at Wei Zheng's demeanor at this moment, and couldn't help but recall the scene when the court angrily reprimanded the king.

"Teacher, it seems to be back!"


Poyang County, in the inn.

Chen Wenqing spread the map of mountains and rivers in Poyang County on the table, and the three of them were making plans around the table.

"Judging from this map of mountains and rivers, the terrain is high and there are no villages around, so it can be used as a place to slaughter dragons. Brother, please see that there is a stone bridge here called "Taima Bridge". Once the "walking Jiao" occurs, it happens to be able to kill the Jiao under this bridge." Chen Wenqing pointed to the picture and said.

"However, brother, once this evil animal floods the bridge, how will we deal with it? Although there are no villages around here, once the flood breaks the embankment, won't the villagers in the lower reaches suffer?" Li Youcai looked at the densely packed villages in the lower reaches of the Poyang River. Worry said.

"Young brother is right, so the residents in the downstream villages must be relocated. This matter depends on the government's joint action. In the end, we have to ask everyone in Wei. However, just in case, I will set up a bridge on both sides of the river. "Large array of blocks" can block floods from spreading and bursting dikes."

Li Youcai said: "Brother, what else can we do besides this? The younger brother is terrified, worried that these alone will not be able to deal with this evil beast."

Chen Wenqing said: "Of course! Dealing with such evil animals can only be done by outsmarting, not by force. Therefore, the sacrificial offering must continue, but the sacrificial materials will require some effort."

"What effort?"

"For example, sweat medicine, laxatives, etc., put in everything that can be put in. After this evil animal eats the sacrifice I drugged, it will be easier to deal with it then."

"Senior brother, isn't this a bit despicable?" Li Youcai asked in a low voice.

"There is nothing despicable! There is only the most suitable method to deal with such evildoers, and there is no such thing as despicable." Chen Wenqing said seriously, "I have to ask my junior brother to find all the laxatives and Mongolian sweat medicines in Poyang County. As long as This medicine is used well, it can be compared to thousands of troops!"

Chen Wenqing pondered for a while after explaining, and then said: "The evildoer relies on the big water to be unscrupulous. If this evildoer leaves the big water, it should be much easier to deal with." Chen Wenqing rubbed the swollen eyebrows and said: "We still have to find some more Fire oil, the more the better! When the time comes, I will use fire to force this monster back here!" Chen Wenqing pointed to a depression on the map and said.

"Keep oil is a military requirement, and only the county government can keep it. Now, the Poyang county magistrate is definitely not willing to lend it to me, so what can I do?" Li Youcai shook his head, saying that this plan is not advisable.

"It's okay! I don't care about so much at the critical moment. Today, junior brother, you can follow me to the county government to be a gentleman on Liang. For the sake of the people of Poyang County, let alone stealing kerosene, I will not hesitate to take the life of this dog official! "

"Okay! Since Senior Brother doesn't care about fame, then I, Li Youcai, don't care so much. Senior Brother, you can do whatever you want!"

Chen Wenqing smiled, nodded and said: "Since that's the case, we should prepare more fire talismans in the next few days, and then we can form a "flame formation", which will greatly consume the vitality of the evildoer."

"Then proceed according to this plan. Time is urgent and we will split up tomorrow. I hope this time we can get rid of this monster!"

Li Youcai said hesitantly: "Brother, although it sounds like there is nothing wrong with the plan, I still feel uneasy in my heart. Is this all our plan? I always feel that there is something missing?"

Chen Wenqing patted Li Youcai's shoulder, and said mysteriously: "Don't worry, Junior Brother! This is not the two of us fighting, and there will naturally be soldiers from heaven to help out. Tomorrow, the two of us will not be the real protagonists!"

Chen Wenqing walked to the window and looked at the misty night rain in the distance through the edge of the window. It was so dark that it was impossible to see, as if the future was unpredictable.

"This evildoer has been rampant for so many years, someone should come out to deal with him!"

"Three days later, it will be His death!"

"This monster is sure to die!"


		