

In the black iron mountain forest, in a cave somewhere.

The three of them sat on the ground around a bonfire. The dim bonfire illuminated the cave, reflecting the frost on Chen Wenqing's face.

Li Youcai broke the silence, and said with a worried face: "Brother, we not only need to undo the black iron villager's voodoo technique, but also find a way to deal with the voodoo sect. I wonder what the brother's plan is?"

Li Youcai added firewood to the fire, making the fire even more intense, and continued: "The leader of the Witch Gu Sect has already cultivated in the middle stage of the golden core, and there are more than a hundred disciples of evil ways to deal with. Based on our current situation Look, it's hard to deal with."

Chen Wenqing sighed softly when he heard the words, "Let me deal with the leader of the Witch Gu Sect. But the more than a hundred evil disciples, I'm afraid I have to let the younger brother deal with it."

"However, brother, you are only at the peak of the Foundation Establishment Realm, and you are still two big realms away from the middle stage of the Golden Core. How can you deal with the leader of the Witch Gu Sect by yourself? What's more, the way of the talisman is unable to be used now, brother..."

Chen Wenqing smiled and said: "It's really impossible to fight against the mid-stage Golden Core at the peak of the Foundation Establishment Realm, but if I break through to the early stage of Golden Core, I'm sure I can win."

Li Youcai was overjoyed, "Brother, are you going to break through to the Golden Core Stage?"

"Hmm! As expected, I can break through to the golden core stage in two days. In this way, our chances of winning will increase by one point."

The Mountain God Token and the River God Token deep in Chen Wenqing's soul have already stored a large amount of incense power. Chen Wenqing feels that by virtue of these incense power, he can successfully break through to the early stage of Jindan.

"That's really great, congratulations senior brother!" Li Youcai congratulated Chen Wenqing: "But there is one more thing, how to save the witchcraft in the black iron villager's body, senior brother has an idea?"

"I have a mantra called "Purification Mantra", which can make the four righteous gods in the body return to the right position, drive away evil spirits and filth in the body, eliminate body karma, protect the body shape, and protect the body. But this mantra requires gold Dan Qi can only be recited."

Li Youcai said happily: "That's great, the Heitie villager is saved! If that's the case, the rest of the matter will be much easier!"

Chen Wenqing shook her head and said: "Junior brother, if it's just these preparations, I can at most guarantee undefeated. But if I want to win, it will be extremely difficult! I can't use the way of talismans now, and the opponent has a lot of people. …”

Li Youcai said: "Brother, can I ask Mr. Black and White Wuchang to help me a little bit?"

"Seventh Master? Eighth Master?"

After thinking for a moment, Chen Wenqing shook her head and said, "No!"

"Seventh Lord and Eighth Lord are yin gods, and they cannot interfere in the affairs of the yang world at will. We have to do it ourselves!"

Li Youcai looked a little sad, and said: "It's a pity that I am only at the late stage of Foundation Establishment, and I have only just glimpsed the way of talismans, but I can't intervene in the struggle between Jindan monks!

Chen Wenqing walked up to Li Youcai and said, "Junior brother, don't underestimate yourself! Three days later, I hope that my junior brother will go all out to deal with those Wugu sect disciples! I will restrain the other party's golden elixir power, as long as my junior brother can completely destroy the opponent's disciples. Two against one, we have a good chance of winning."

"Okay!" Li Youcai said in a deep voice, "Brother, just retreat and make a breakthrough! Xiao Huihui and I have been guarding Senior Brother for the past few days!"

Chen Wenqing didn't say any more, poured out a few Qi Xing Pills from the porcelain bottle, and swallowed them with his head raised. Then, gently close your eyes, run the "Shangqing Lingbao Scripture" silently, and start practicing meditation.


Chen Wenqing was contemplating the mountain decree in his soul, and the power of incense and fire followed the pull of his soul, and continuously entered Chen Wenqing's meridians. Suddenly, the aura in Chen Wenqing's meridians became surging like a raging fire.

Chen Wenqing accelerated the flow of qi, circulated the aura for thirty-six small circles, and then circulated seventy-two big circles until the incense and mind power in the entire mountain god order was exhausted, but there was no sign of breaking through to the golden core stage .

"Why can't I break through?" Chen Wenqing was anxious, with fine beads of sweat appearing on his forehead, "Could it be that my Five Elements Miscellaneous Spiritual Root's physique is really that bad?"

Chen Wenqing believed that the massive amount of incense and mind power contained in his Mountain God Order was definitely enough for a person who cultivated at the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Stage to directly break through to the Gold Core Stage. However, Chen Wenqing was unable to break through as a person who had attained the Great Consummation of the Foundation Establishment Realm.

"Okay! Since the incense mind power in a mountain god order is not enough, then try the incense fire mind power in this river god order!"

Chen Wenqing was very annoyed, and her soul pulled the incense and mind power in the River God Order, and continued to run Zhou Tian.

The retreat time passed quickly, and two days passed in a flash.

At this time, Chen Wenqing showed signs of purple qi transpiration all over his body, his face became red and hot, and the aura circulating in the meridians gradually became viscous. A liquid ball, the ball keeps rotating violently, but it becomes smaller and more solid.

"At this moment!"

A thought flashed in Chen Wenqing's mind, input the whole body's aura into the dantian, immediately the dantian was filled with the vast aura, purple haze burst out from the whole body, there was a strange fragrance floating in the air, and three golden flowers formed above Chen Wenqing's head.

"Three flowers gather at the top, the vitality of five dynasties!?" Li Youcai said excitedly when he saw this, "Little Huihui, brother is about to break through to the Golden Core realm!"

at this time.

Looking inside Chen Wenqing's dantian, a golden oval bead exuded multicolored light. Feeling the powerful power contained in the golden elixir, Chen Wenqing couldn't help chuckling!

"If you swallow a golden pill, you will know that my fate is up to me!"

There is a saying in "Tao Zang": "The golden elixir, the golden light shines in the world, the purple light is dense, colorless and thousands of thousands. Anyone who seeks the elixir will have a perfect state of mind."

Therefore, practitioners in the golden elixir stage possess not only a complete state of mind, but also a brilliant golden elixir that "does not fear the turbidity of the world".

The Golden Core Realm is the first huge leap from a mortal to a fairy god.

Chen Wenqing gently opened her eyes, and found something different in the whole world.

In addition, Chen Wenqing felt some changes in the "eyes of heaven" between her brows. It seemed that the "eyes of heaven" had also broken through and possessed some offensive abilities!

"This day's eye light seems to contain the power of thunder!" Chen Wenqing felt the thunderous power contained in the sky's eye light, and couldn't help being overjoyed.

"In this way, we will be more confident in dealing with the Witch Gu Cult!"

Seeing that Chen Wenqing had woken up, Li Youcai ran over in a hurry and said, "Congratulations, senior brother, you have successfully broken through to the Golden Core Realm!"

"Senior brother, come and see Xiao Huihui! Xiao Huihui seems to have been poisoned."

Hearing this, Chen Wenqing didn't care about stabilizing her cultivation, she immediately stood up from the meditation, and quickly came to Xiao Huihui's side.

I saw that Chen Wenqing injected spiritual energy into Xiao Huihui's body, then closed his eyes, feeling the movement of spiritual energy in Xiao Huihui's body.

After about a cup of tea time, Chen Wenqing opened her eyes and said in a deep voice, "Sure enough, I've been bewitched!"

"In this way, there is also a problem with that Black Iron Village!"

"Is it the scoop of water you drank that day?"

Chen Wenqing quickly understood.

Right now.

Outside the cave, the sound of chaotic footsteps sounded, reaching Chen Wenqing's ears from far to near.

Chen Wenqing's face sank like water, and she said in a deep voice, "Junior brother, get ready!"

"Witch Gu Cult is coming!"


		