

Wang Chang couldn't help shaking his face when he heard the words, and said: "As long as the Taoist priest can help my Wangjiazhuang survive this disaster, the Wangjiazhuang will definitely be grateful. As long as my Wangjiazhuang can do it, the Taoist priest can order it."

When Chen Wenqing saw that Wangjiazhuang's moral kidnapping failed, he began to lure him.

Shaking his head, he said: "Thinking of the innocent people in Wangjiazhuang, I decided to take over this matter. But you and your face, the poor Taoist has seen it, I hope you can do it yourself!"

"Let's lead the way ahead, Pindao is going to visit the ancestral land of the Wang family before making any plans!" Chen Wenqing said, and then led Li Youcai and Xiao Huihui to follow the members of the Wang family to the ancestral land of the Wang family.

Chen Wenqing once thought that since zombies can be produced in the Wang family's ancestral land, it should be a barren land.

Regarding this, Chen Wenqing had already expected it in his heart until he actually came to the ancestral land of the Wang family. Only then did Chen Wenqing realize that he had underestimated the determination of the ancestor of the Wang family, and at the same time underestimated the shamelessness of the members of the Wang family who were unfaithful, filial, benevolent and unrighteous!

It is said to be the ancestral land of the Wang family, but in fact it is a barren saline-alkali land.

Poor mountains and bad waters are not enough to describe the scene around the tomb. Chen Wenqing looked around, and it was difficult to find even a dead tree or a weed.

Generally speaking, burials pay attention to storing wind and absorbing qi, but the evil feng shui in the tombs of the Wang family's ancestors makes people dumbfounded.

The mountain is a barren hill, and there is only a handful of gravel loess in the tomb, which is really barren.

The water is stagnant water, a pool of pitch-black stagnant water, with rat corpses floating heavily in the pool, emitting a foul stench.

Chen Wenqing looked at the tomb of the ancestor of the Wang family in front of him, and couldn't help feeling unworthy for the ancestor of the Wang family, and said in a low voice:

"The front of the tomb has fallen, the roots of the tree have pierced the coffin, and the vines have wrapped around the monument."

"Five stars are controlled: Huobei, Jinnan, Tudong, and Shuiju four reservoirs."

"Four kills and powers: Chenxu Chouwei four, the most vicious against the big capitalists and punish the barbarians."

"Bamen Que: Qiankan Genzhen, Xunli Kundui the position of Bagua."

"No matter how you look at it, this acupoint is very dangerous! I am afraid that the ancestors of the Wang family have never had a moment of rest since their burial. They are really a group of unworthy descendants!"

at this time.

An elder from the royal family saw that Chen Wenqing had stood still in the ancestral home of the Wang family for a while, so he reminded him aloud. "Master Daoist, you should stop looking at Feng Shui. There is nothing to look at in this barren land. Why don't we discuss how to get rid of this zombie. Otherwise, our Wangjiazhuang will never have peace."

Chen Wenqing frowned upon hearing this. Just when I was about to say something more, Xiao Huihui asked suspiciously: "Isn't the ancestor of your royal family buried here? Why did you remove your ancestors as soon as you came here? Maybe my elder brother has a way to help your ancestors rest in peace." !"

At this time, another old man from the royal family stood up and said in a serious manner: "The ancestor of the Wang family will not harm his descendants. Now, he is no longer the ancestor of the Wang family. He is a bloodthirsty and brutal zombie." . Zombies, everyone get rid of them and hurry up!"

"Hahaha... What a righteous speech, what a good way to get rid of it and then hurry up!"

"When the ancestors of the Wang family were useful, they used their zombie chill to make ice. Now, the ancestors of the Wang family are no longer valuable, so they say that he is a zombie, and we must get rid of them quickly!" Li Youcai couldn't bear to listen anymore, and couldn't help but sarcastically said .

"Two priests, there is no need to say anything superfluous. Our Wangjiazhuang invites you priests to get rid of zombies, not to be taught. If you have any skills, you should show them as soon as possible." Wang Chang's face moved, Said coldly.

Hearing this, Chen Wenqing didn't want to say anything more, and said indifferently: "Prepare a rooster, a black dog, and a yellow ox, and bring these three animals here in Youshi. In addition, leave three people here to help Pindao builds a Dharma altar, and Pindao should try his best here to lure the dead into the urn."

Wang Chang was overjoyed when he heard the words, and said: "Thank you, Taoist priest, I will arrange it now. I wish the Taoist priest a victory and a triumphant return!" After finishing speaking, the three of them were left behind, and he turned and left with Wangjiazhuang and the others.

At this time, Li Youcai looked at the backs of everyone in the Wang Family Village, and said disdainfully: "You are a handsome man! You old thief with a gray beard! You are so shameless, I'm sorry!"


The sun was setting.

Chen Wenqing has temporarily set up a simple altar in the ancestral home of the Wang family.

The altar is called "Jinlu Altar".

The outer altar is four feet five feet wide and two feet high. The middle altar is three feet and three feet wide and two feet high. The inner altar is two feet four feet wide and two feet high. The square altar is six feet high, which is the number of Kun.

There is a rooster, a black dog, and a yellow ox on the outer altar, which are tied with red strings. Bells are tied to the red strings, which make crisp sounds under the evening wind.

The three of Chen Wenqing stood in front of the desk in the inner altar. On the desk were a mahogany sword, Sanqing bell, ink fountain thread, glutinous rice, yellow talisman and other things.

At this time, dark clouds blocked the moonlight, and there was darkness between the sky and the earth.

A strong wind blew up, a foul smell hit, a rush of bells came from the outer altar, and a dog barking broke the silence of the night.

"Here we come!" Chen Wenqing's heart moved, he drew a talisman with Qi, and chanted a mantra: "The Taishang Laojun is as anxious as a law! The world has no limit, and the universe borrows the law! Order!"

A talisman formed in front of Chen Wenqing and flew towards the outer altar. The talisman shone with golden light, illuminating the scene in the outer altar.

In the outer altar, the scalper had already fallen to the ground, its body was shriveled, apparently its blood had been sucked dry.

Beside the shriveled cattle carcass, the black dog was clamping its tail, trembling all over, whimpering in a low voice, while the big rooster had already fainted from fright.

With the golden light from the talisman, Chen Wenqing saw a shriveled zombie lying on the body of the scalper.

The whole body of the zombie is covered with hair. The hands of the zombie pass from the scalper's neck. The long fingertips are shining with black light, and the blood at the end of the fingertips falls to the ground drop by drop...

"It turned out to be a hairless dog?" Chen Wenqing's heart shuddered.

Zombies are divided into eight levels. They are purple stiffness, white stiffness, green stiffness, hair stiffness, flying stiffness, wandering stiffness, volt stiffness, and non-melting bones.

And the one in front of Chen Wenqing's eyes was Mao Zong.

The hair is stiff, and it is a famous copper-skinned iron bone. The higher the cultivation level, the stronger the body. He moves swiftly, leaps from the house to the tree, jumps like flying, and is not afraid of ordinary fire or sunlight. Even ordinary foundation-building monks have nothing to do with Mao Zong.

Upon seeing this, Chen Wenqing decided to strike first.

With a loud shout in his mouth, he grabbed the yellow talisman on the desk, bit through his fingertips and pinched the spell, and sacrificed the talisman with blood! Perhaps Mao Zang felt the threat from the talisman, so he got up from the scalper and looked in the direction of Chen Wenqing's inner altar.

"Pro, Bing, Fight, Zhe, All, Formation, Column, Front, Line, Edict! Punish Evil Talisman!"

"The evil-killing talisman, go!"

Chen Wenqing's evil-killing talisman had just been completed, just as Mao Zhuang was flying into the air, the evil-killing talisman hit Mao Zong's body, and suddenly a ball of flames rose from Mao Zong's body and engulfed Mao Zong.

The raging flames ignited Mao Zang, but a gloomy and cold black air suddenly appeared from Mao Zong's body, and quickly extinguished the flames. At this time, there was a stench of burning fur and corpses in the air.

Chen Wenqing's heart tightened, secretly thinking that it was not good.

"This hair is stiff, it seems that it has sucked a lot of blood. Now, it is invulnerable to weapons, water and fire. It can no longer cause substantial damage to it!"

Chen Wenqing's mind turned sharply, thinking about what method to use to deal with the stiff hair in front of him.

But at this time, Li Youcai took a step forward and stood in front of Chen Wenqing.

A smile appeared on Yuanyuan's chubby face, and he said, "Brother, why don't you let me handle this battle, how about it?"

"Coincidentally, let senior brother see that Confucianism and Taoism are so upright!"


		