

Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai walked out of the cave.

Outside the entrance of the cave, a group of Wugu disciples had surrounded Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai, and they all took out magic weapons and prepared to go.

A man with gray beard and black face approached and said, "I finally found you, and you dare to kill my disciple of the Witch Gu Sect."

"Let you die without a place to bury today!"

"I'm going to plant poisonous Gu on your corpses, let the ten thousand Gu devour your flesh and blood, and die screaming in despair!"

Chen Enqing didn't answer when she heard the words, but looked around at the disciples of the Witch Gu Cult. Immediately, a thought flashed across his mind, and he knew that the next step might be a battle to the death.

Chen Wenqing felt that the cultivation of the old man in front of him, Jin Danqi, seemed not as strong as he imagined, so he couldn't help asking: "Who are you?"

"I am Qiu Feibao, the deputy leader of the Witch Gu Sect. If you kill my Witch Gu Sect disciple, you will die today!"

Chen Wenqing sneered and said, "You disciples of the Gu sect do a lot of evil, feeding Gu with humans, destroying humanity, and punishing everyone who gets it!"

"Hahaha, very good! For many years, no one has dared to speak out in front of my Witch Gu Cult! I hope you will still have the courage to say such big words after you have endured my ten thousand Gu piercing through your heart!"

Qiu Feibao, the deputy leader of the Witch Gu Sect, said grimly that he was going to let the Witch Gu Sect disciples attack.

Chen Wenqing raised her hand and said, "Wait! Don't be in such a hurry, I have a question about one thing."

"Oh? What's the matter? I will show kindness today and let you die clearly!"

Chen Wenqing said: "How did you find us so quickly? I set up a formation in this cave to isolate the outside atmosphere..."

Qiu Feibao, deputy leader of the Witch Gu Sect, said: "Hahaha...so that's what happened! Some of you are poisoned by poisonous Gu, so no matter how far you go, my mother Gu will sense it, and it's only a matter of time before I can find you!"

Chen Wenqing felt a chill in her heart, and said in a cold voice: "So, all the villagers in Heitie Village are also disciples of your Witch Gu Sect?"

"You're right!"

Qiu Feibao showed a complacent expression on his face, "The water you drink has already been poisoned with poison! You must have guessed who it is!"

After Qiu Feibao finished speaking, a person came out from behind. Chen Wenqing recognized at a glance that this person was the old man whom he had met in Heitie Village.

"So it's really you!"

Chen Wenqing was puzzled, and said, "I have promised you that I will cure you of the poisonous Gu in Heitie village in three days, why do you still have to betray me?"

The old Zhangshen said indifferently: "You killed the people of Wu Gu Cult, if you don't hand over you, Wu Gu Cult will not let Heitie Village go..."

Chen Wenqing looked up to the sky and screamed, "Hahaha! Sure enough, poor people must have something to hate!"

"The Witch Gu Sect used poisonous Gu to harm generations of people in your Black Iron Village. You didn't know how to resist yourself, and instead used poisonous Gu to harm me."

Chen Wenqing drew out the dragon-slaying sword, suppressed the anger in his heart, and said in a cold voice: "It seems that you, Heitie Village, are also to blame, and you don't deserve the slightest bit of mercy! You don't know right from wrong, and there is no point in living!"

Seeing Chen Wenqing draw his sword, Qiu Feibao had an evil expression on his face, and said loudly, "The disciples of the Witch Gu Cult obey the order! Kill the three people in front and leave no one alive!"

As soon as the words fell, a series of colorful evil spells rushed towards Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai with a stench!

"Bloodthirsty Demon Spider!"

"Green Scaled Viper!"

"Iron needle ghost bee!"

“Cold cicada!”


Chen Wenqing looked at the endless poisonous insects, including poisonous spiders, scorpions, poisonous snakes, poisonous bees, etc., which were so colorful that it made people feel numb!

Some poisonous insects flew from the sky, and some crawled from the ground, like a sandstorm, they rushed towards Chen Wenqing and the others roaring!

"Great Gang Wind Technique!"

Li Youcai looked at the poisons all over the sky, his face turned pale, and he used his best large-scale attack.

For a moment, the wind blew violently, and the poisonous insects could not get close.

Some poisonous insects with fragile bodies were also cut to pieces by this great wind technique.

However, it is obvious that some poisonous insects have undergone special sacrifices, and Li Youcai's Great Gang Wind Technique only blows them back, but cannot harm their roots.

Chen Wenqing heard a buzzing sound in the sky, and a large group of golden beetles the size of a fist flew towards Li Youcai quickly.

"Look at the sword!"

Chen Wenqing gave a clear shout, and the dragon-slaying sword flashed like a flash of lightning, killing the golden beetle.

Chen Wenqing's soul controlled the sword. Wherever he looked, the dragon-slaying sword was like cutting melons and vegetables, splitting the golden beetle into two, making the sound of gold and iron intersecting.

After a while, the ground was covered with corpses of golden beetles. Green venom flowed out from the corpses, and the air was filled with an extremely foul smell.

Unprepared, Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai inhaled poisonous gas accidentally, and suddenly felt dizzy, flustered and short of breath, and even the circulation of mana became stagnant.

"Hahaha...you have been poisoned by the golden armor poisonous mist, let's see how long you can dance!"

Pei Feibao laughed wildly triumphantly, stepped on Yu steps, took out a bone flute, and chanted incantations.

"The undead of heaven and earth, between yin and yang, evil spirits and fierce ghosts, listen to my orders, and hurry like a law."

"Mother and son are fierce ghosts! Forgive me!"

Pei Feibao played the bone flute, and the gloomy sound of the bone flute sounded in the night. Immediately, dense fog rose from the black iron mountain forest, and the whole space became cold...

"Hee hee hee..."

At this time, there was a laughing voice in the dense fog, "The quality is good today! I know I have arranged for a monk for my mother, hehehe..."

A female ghost in red floated beside Pei Feibao, with an evil look on her pale face, staring intently at Chen Wenqing, and there was a little ghost lying on the female ghost's shoulder.

Feeling the cultivation of the red-clothed female ghost in front of her, Chen Wenqing shuddered in her heart: "This female ghost has actually reached the level of a ghost general, and her realm is actually similar to that of Pei Feibao! This will become tricky!"

Chen Wenqing took half a step back, turned sideways and said to Li Youcai in a low voice: "Junior brother, help me resist for a while! Wait for me to cast a spell and summon Yin soldiers and Yin generals to come to help."

Li Youcai took two steps forward, while Chen stood behind Chen Wenqing, "Senior brother, do whatever you want, I will not let these little demons disturb senior brother's spellcasting!"

Just as he was speaking, Li Youcai mobilized the arrogance of Confucianism and Taoism in his whole body, and launched Confucianism and Taoism to the Wugu sect in front of him.

"A little awe-inspiring spirit, a thousand miles of blissful wind! Confucianism - awe-inspiring righteousness, ten thousand swords!"

Li Youcai exuded a milky white aura of righteousness all over his body, drawing the vitality of the heaven and earth, forming countless arrows of awe-inspiring righteousness, and attacking the people of the Witch Gu Cult!

"When the wind blows, the clouds are flying. We will join the sea and return to our hometown. And the warriors will guard the four directions!"

"Confucianism-God will rule the world!"

Li Youcai uttered a loud shout, and suddenly the air of Confucianism and Taoism swelled, and the righteousness of heaven and earth gathered together, forming four "God Generals" formed by the gathering of righteousness!

The four generals are in the middle.

Some gods will hold the Qinglongyanyue knife, some gods will hold a magpie painting bow, some gods will wield Fangtian's painted halberd, and some gods will display peerless marksmanship and turn into birds and phoenixes...

The four generals stand side by side, but they are like thousands of troops.

"kill!"

The four gods will kill the people of the Wu Gu sect, unaware of the various magical powers of the Wu Gu sect.

"I am invincible! Launch a charge!"

The four gods will rush into the middle of the disciples of the witchcraft sect, like chopping melons and vegetables, turning the people killed by the witchcraft sect on their backs.

"What a Confucian and Taoist supernatural power!"

Pei Feibao didn't seem to see the plight of the disciples of the Wugu Cult, but instead praised Li Youcai's Confucianism and Taoism.

"It's a pity that you are almost there! A god general formed by Confucianism and Taoism can only clean up some shrimp soldiers and crab generals at most!"

Pei Feibao continued to play the bone flute, and for a while, the sound of gold and iron horses could be heard in the thick fog!

"Yin soldiers cross the border, those who stand in my way die!"

When the thick fog cleared, rows of ghost soldiers and ghost generals appeared standing still, like well-trained troops.

Pei Feibao stopped the bone flute, took out two yellow flags, and started commanding the ghost soldiers and generals.

"Forgive the Yin soldiers and kill all the former enemies! Go!"

Pei Feibao threw out the command flag and it landed in the hands of a ghost general. Immediately, the ghost general, as ordered, led the ghost soldiers to kill Li Youcai.

Although the four gods of the human race summoned by Li Youcai have great powers, they will be difficult to defeat the opponent's countless ghost soldiers and ghost generals.

After a while, under the siege of the ghost soldiers and ghost generals, the four god generals turned into a ball of heaven and earth vitality and dissipated in the air.

"Hahaha...", Pei Feibao let out a piercing laugh, "I see what else you can use to resist my countless ghost soldiers and ghost generals!"

Pei Feibao waved the command flag and said sharply: "Go to me, kill them! I will refine their corpses into puppets for me to command!"

The ghost soldiers and ghost generals were ordered to line up and charged Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai.

at this time.

A stream of black smoke rose from Chen Wenqing's side, and out of the black mist came out a tall, thin, pale man in white clothes.

The visitor wears a long hat with the words "make money at first sight" on it.

Seeing this, Chen Wenqing bowed and said, "Wenqing, I have seen Master Qi!"

Obviously, the person who came was Bai Wuchang.

I saw him looking at the countless ghost soldiers and generals in front of him, smiled lightly, and said: "A mere ghost soldier and general dare to act wild in the land where I have won the Eastern Divine Region. This is not the Nanbuzhou where your ghost clan is located!"

Bai Wuchang glanced at Pei Feibao, and said coldly: "If you don't drive the ghosts, I can't directly intervene in the affairs of the world."

"However..." Bai Wuchang flipped his hand, and a mourning stick appeared in his palm, and said: "Since you have driven so many ghost soldiers and generals, it is impossible for me, Bai Qiye, to slay demons and demons today!"

As soon as Bai Wuchang finished speaking, thunder flashed on the mourning stick, and thunder roared on the top.

A series of dark thunders shot out from the mourning stick, hitting the ghost soldiers and ghost generals.

"boom!"

"boom!"

"boom!"



		