

Chen Wenqing looked at the demon town tower in front of him with a dignified expression.

"This trial, let me and Junior Brother Youcai participate!"

"Brothers have just taken the Explosive Qi Pill, and their cultivation has not recovered yet. In the Demon Suppressing Tower, I faintly feel that there is something astonishing and terrifying..."

Cheng Jiaoyu nodded and said, "Wenqing, if this is the case, then you should be more careful."

"If you can't do anything, your own safety is the most important thing. Now there is no risk of disbanding the Fulu Taoist Academy. As for whether I can get better results, I don't think so much..."

Chen Wenqing nodded when she heard the words, and then led Li Youcai into the Demon Town Tower.



The inside of the Zhenyao Tower is not the same as the outside, but there is a universe inside, a world of its own, just like another small world.

at this time.

There were three huge statues in front of everyone, one of which was the Emperor Zhenwu.

In front of the statue of Emperor Zhenwu, there are two smaller statues, which are the two turtle and snake generals under Emperor Zhenwu.

Zhenwu Dadi, the "Nine Heavens Demon Patriarch", is the ancestor of demons in the Three Realms, and also the nemesis of demons. He once cut down all the demons in the Three Realms, subdued the black energy of the East, and finally took over the position of Zhenwu, and was revered as Zhenwu Emperor.

Therefore, Zixia Temple placed the statue of Emperor Zhenwu here, intending to suppress countless demons in the Demon Suppressing Tower.

Behind the three huge statues is a colorful light curtain. After passing through the light curtain, you can reach the demon world in the Demon Town Tower.

Chen Wenqing looked at Zixia's disciples in the audience, walked into the light curtain and disappeared, and turned to Li Youcai.

"Junior brother, behind the light curtain is the place where the demons are imprisoned, just follow me closely and don't get lost!"

Li Youcai put on a serious expression, "Don't worry, brother, I'll save it!"

Chen Wenqing nodded, and the two stepped into the light curtain.



After spinning around for a while, Chen Wenqing finally stepped on the ground.

"Brother, is this the first floor of the Town Demon Tower?"

Li Youcai looked around and found himself in a valley.

The sky was gray, and as far as the eyes could see, they could only see a few dozen feet away.

From time to time, the roars of various monsters came from the ears, which made people feel frightened.

"Brother, what should we do next?"

Li Youcai can't even tell the direction now, he feels like he has fallen into a den of demons, and he is in danger.

"Let's go this way! The aura of demons in this direction is relatively weak. If you haven't figured out this place, you'd better be careful."

Chen Wenqing's eyebrows and sky eyes exuded a golden light, dispelling the darkness ahead, leading Li Youcai and Li Youcai to wander around aimlessly.

Although, Chen Wenqing tried to avoid provoking monsters along the way. However, sometimes Chen Wenqing doesn't go to provoke the monsters, but the monsters will find them by themselves.

I saw two calf-sized wolf demons appearing in front of Chen Wenqing.

At this time, the sharp fangs in the mouths of the two wolf monsters were drooling, and their eyes were glowing green, staring at him.

"Wolf monsters live in groups, there must be a pack of wolf monsters around here."

"In order not to startle the snake, junior brother, let's kill it with the fastest speed!"

Chen Wenqing made a quick decision without hesitation. I saw Chen Wenqing's mind moved, and the dragon-slaying sword turned into a stream of light, killing the wolf monster.

"die!"

The golden light flashed by, and the wolf demon's body was separated before it could make a sound.

"Confucianism - the sword of the tongue!"

Confucianism surged all over Li Youcai, turning into a spear and a sword, and shot towards the remaining wolf demon.

The wolf demon stood upright, and was about to raise his head to the sky and howl, but was pierced by a spear and a sword through his chest.

"Senior brother, this wolf demon can't help but fight... There's no need for us to be so cautious, right?"

Chen Wenqing looked at the two wolf demons who had fallen to the ground, and frowned.

"For thousands of years, the Demon Town Tower has imprisoned countless monsters. Now everything is unclear, so we should be careful."

After dealing with the two wolf demons, Chen Wenqing continued to move forward, intending to find everyone who participated in the trial in Zixia Temple.

However, what he didn't notice was that the smell of blood flowing from the two wolf demons lying on the ground had already spread far in the air...

Sudden.

Chen Wenqing stopped in front of a forest and stood still.

"Brother, why did you stop, why didn't you leave?"

Seeing Chen Wenqing standing still, Li Youcai showed a serious expression.

"We're in trouble!" Chen Wenqing said.

Li Youcai didn't feel it, and was still looking around.

"What's the matter with us? Why didn't I see it?"

Chen Wenqing pointed to the woods ahead and said, "There is something in the woods, ambushing us in front..."

"Also, we seem to be surrounded by wolf demons!"

As soon as Chen Wenqing finished speaking, green eyes appeared in all directions, and they surrounded the two of them.

"This... this..., where are there so many wolf demons!"

Li Youcai's voice trembled a little.

"Aw..."

"Aw..."

"Aw..."

Waves of wolves howled one after another in the surroundings, as if calling friends and friends, and within a short while, densely packed wolf demons appeared all around.

Chen Wenqing held the dragon-slaying sword and carefully watched the movement of the wolf demon.

"It seems that a big battle is inevitable today, junior brother, you should be more careful!"

As soon as Chen Wenqing finished speaking, she rushed into the group of wolf demons without waiting for the wolf demons to react.

On the dragon slaying, the light of the sword flickered, and every time Chen Wenqing swung the sword, a wolf demon fell down.

"kill!"

Chen Wenqing shuttled and moved back and forth among the wolf monsters, as if entering the land of no one.

"Kill that man!"

A hoarse voice came from the pack of wolf demons. A wolf demon was like a lion, with a pitch-black demonic aura all over his body, and the hair on his body stood up like steel needles...

Chen Wenqing took a closer look, and it turned out that it was a silver moon wolf king who came out.

"Humanity!"

"You wantonly slaughtered my descendants, don't even think about escaping today!"

"I'm going to tear you to pieces and crush your bones!"

The Yinyue Wolf King uttered words, and there was a strong murderous intent in his eyes.

Chen Wenqing heard that the dragon-slaying sword in his hand did not stop, and after a while, dozens of wolf monsters fell under the dragon-slaying sword.

"Kill me? Just rely on you?"

Chen Wenqing, who was red-eyed, was covered in blood all over his body, like a demon crawling from hell.

The biting murderous aura made Chen Wenqing gradually lose himself.

Hearing this, the Yinyue Wolf King felt that his majesty had been greatly challenged. He pointed to Chen Wenqing's figure and said to the wolf demon.

"I'm going to tear him apart and skin him, and make his life worse than death!"

The boundless wolf monsters were ordered to swarm up to kill Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai.

at this time.

Chen Wenqing's eyes were already covered by a cloud of blood mist, and the hostility on her body was getting heavier and heavier.

"Hahaha... Come on, come kill me..."

Chen Wenqing looked up to the sky and laughed loudly, the blood on the dragon-slaying sword was accumulating more and more, and his mind was already lost.

Li Youcai shouted loudly while resisting the swarming wolf demons.

"Brother, wake up!"

"Brother, don't be fooled by the killing in front of you..."

at this time.

While Li Youcai was distracted, a sharp claw grabbed him, and blood gushed out from Li Youcai's back.

"Boom..."

Li Youcai fell to the ground as if he had been hit hard

, still shouted in his mouth.

"Brother... wake up quickly!"


		