

Zixia view.

Fulu Taoist Temple, quiet room.

A violent aura surged, a crack opened in the space, and three people fell from the crack.

"Boom!"

After spinning around for a while, it finally fell heavily to the ground.

Before Chen Wenqing could sigh in the future, he suddenly felt a heavy weight on his body, and the huge pressure almost squeezed out his bile.

"Cough cough cough..."

"Junior brother, move away quickly! You are holding my lungs, I can't breathe anymore."

At this moment, Chen Wenqing was pressed down by Li Youcai's several hundred kilograms body, unable to resist, and felt depressed all of a sudden.

"The power of the curse, has it started?"

Chen Wenqing put her pretty face on the ground, eating a lot of dust in her mouth.

"Bah... bah..."

Hearing this, Li Youcai got up from Chen Wenqing. Looking at the resentful eyes of his senior brother, he smiled embarrassingly.

"Brother, weren't you on top of me just now? Why did you suddenly run under me..."

Chen Wenqing got up from the ground and straightened the messy clothes on her body.

"Shut up, don't talk nonsense about what happened today..."

at this time.

The door of the meditation room opened, Cheng Jiaoyu walked in, looked at Chen Wenqing and the others, and smiled gratifiedly.

"You're finally back, isn't your trip going well?"

Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai cupped their hands and said, "I have seen the Jiaoyu, thank you for the Jiaoyu's concern, everything is going well for this trip!"

"It's good that you come back safely...cough cough cough..."

As Cheng Jiaoyu spoke, his face became flushed and he coughed violently.

"Teacher, is this seriously injured?!"

Chen Wenqing injected a stream of spiritual energy into Cheng Jiaoyu's body, and after a while, his brows frowned slightly.

"Who actually hurt you?"

Chen Wenqing felt a icy spiritual power remaining in Cheng Jiaoyu's body, which was destroying his heart veins all the time.

"Cough cough cough... It's okay, I can't die now!" Cheng Jiaoyu showed a gratified smile on his pale face.

"I didn't expect the two of you to go out for a trip, and you both broke through to the early stage of Golden Core!"

"Not bad... Really good! Cough cough cough..."

Li Youcai saw that Cheng Jiaoyu was seriously injured, but he was still reluctant to tell who was injured, so he couldn't help becoming impatient.

"Teacher, who hurt you? We must find this beam..."

Cheng Jiaoyu waved his hand and said, "I only blame myself for being inferior to others. You are no match for this person now, so don't add to your worries..."

"No! How dare someone..."

Li Youcai was about to continue talking, but was stopped by Chen Wenqing.

"Junior brother, if you don't say anything about the teaching, there are reasons for it. You should stop persecuting Cheng Jiaoyu..."

"But…"

Li Youcai wanted to say something more, but Chen Wenqing shook his head, indicating not to ask any more questions.

Immediately afterwards, Chen Wenqing said to Cheng Jiaoyu: "This time I went down the mountain and harvested a lot of elixir and spirit stones. The Zongmen Grand Competition is just around the corner, so I can give my brothers a boost in strength."

"Spiritual stones?" Cheng Jiaoyu said in surprise, "You have harvested a lot of spiritual stones. Where did you get these spiritual stones?"

"The spirit stone was found by my junior brother and I when we destroyed a cult. Please use it with confidence."

Chen Wenqing took out thirty spirit stones and fifteen elixir plants from the storage bag and handed them to Cheng Jiaoyu.

"With these spiritual stones and elixir, there will be no shortage of cultivation resources in the Fulu Taoist Academy for the time being."

Cheng Jiaoyu took the spirit stone and the elixir, and said with shame: "You two have been in my Fulu Taoist Academy for a long time, and I have nothing to give you. Instead, I let you bring you so many cultivation resources time and time again."

"I, Cheng Yu, am ashamed of accepting it!" Cheng Jiaoyu bowed to Chen Wenqing.

"No, no..." Chen Wenqing helped Cheng Jiaoyu up.

"If Cheng Jiaoyu hadn't taken us in, we wouldn't be where we are today."

"Besides, no matter it's the five thunder rectification talisman or the great void teleportation talisman, they are all extremely precious! How can this be compared with a few golden pills and a few elixir?"

"it is good!"

"In that case, I'll accept it for your senior brothers. Your senior brothers are stuck at the peak of the Foundation Establishment Realm and have been unable to break through. I believe that with these elixir and spirit stones, the breakthrough will be a matter of course..."

Seeing that Cheng Jiaoyu accepted it, Chen Wenqing felt relieved, and asked, "Did anything happen during the time we left Zixia Temple?"

A smile appeared on Cheng Jiaoyu's pale face, and he said: "After you sneaked down the mountain, indeed, from time to time, there was a wave of divine thoughts covering the Fulu Taoist Temple. It should be to search for your traces."

"A few times, there were people visiting the Fulu Taoist Temple at night, and I drove them away one by one after I found out..."

"So those people did Jiaoyu's injury?" Chen Wenqing caught the flaw in Cheng Jiaoyu's words.

"Oh... I knew I couldn't hide it from you, and you will find out sooner or later."

"Teaching you to suffer this serious injury for us, Wenqing can't repay you. We will do our best to get a good result in this sect competition and revive the Fulu Dao Academy!"

"Hahaha...cough cough cough..."

Cheng Jiaoyu laughed loudly: "Okay! As long as you can get good results in this competition, then I will definitely give you a surprise!"

"This is what I taught you, so please wait and see!"

Li Youcai patted his chest, full of confidence.

"Since you have confidence, then I can rest assured."

A smile appeared on Cheng Jiaoyu's face, and he said: "These few days you have been practicing here to recuperate, and in three days there will be the Zongmen Dabi, then we will go to the Daoist Field together."

Cheng Jiaoyu saw that Chen Wenqing and others were all right, so he left the quiet room, leaving Chen Wenqing, Li Youcai and others to practice here.


Quiet room.

"Brother, are you sure about this Zongmen Grand Competition?" Li Youcai asked.

Chen Wenqing said: "If my way of talisman is not affected, the outer sect's big competition should not be a problem. But now I am lacking in spirit and soul, and I can't use the way of talisman. I have lost three or four out of ten of my abilities."

"Brother, don't you still have a dragon-fighting sword technique? Once this sword technique is released, no one from the outer sect should be able to stop it..."

"Junior brother, it's not that you don't know that the dragon-slaying sword technique is extremely murderous. It pays attention to the dominance of one sword, and the sword will kill! Moreover, this move consumes a lot of energy. The sect competition is not a one-on-one competition. When the wheel battle is over, the dragon-slaying Of course, swordsmanship should not be used lightly..."

Hearing this, Li Youcai said, "Since this is the case, what should we do?"

Chen Wenqing smiled and said: "You may have forgotten, I still have a metal elixir. In the past few days, I have absorbed this elixir first, and penetrated the spiritual power of the metal attribute into the sword technique, and then there is no need to perform chopping." Dragon sword technique, I can deal extraordinary damage with an ordinary level A..."

"What is Ping A?" Li Youcai asked in confusion.

Chen Wenqing said: "Ping A is an ordinary move..."

"So that's how it is, the younger brother has been taught."

Chen Wenqing stopped talking, took out the gold-type elixir from the storage bag, and prepared to absorb it.

"Junior brother, please help me protect the law! This gold-type elixir contains sharp metallic spiritual power. If the spiritual power riots, please use external force to help me suppress it."

It is actually not easy to absorb metallic elixir, because the spiritual power contains the unique sharpness of the metal system, which is very easy to cause damage to the meridians and the body.

If the spiritual power once riots, life may be in danger.

Li Youcai said: "Brother, please don't worry. You just need to absorb it with all your strength, and the metallic spiritual power to suppress the riot will be handed over to me..."

Chen Wenqing put the elixir in his hands, and moved the "Shangqing Lingbao Scripture" to move Zhou Tian.

Chen Wenqing felt the sharp energy from the elixir in his hand go into his meridians and flesh and blood.

"it hurts!"

Chen Wenqing frowned, feeling that the meridians were instantly cut into thin scars easily by this metallic spiritual power.

"This is absolutely not possible. If I continue to absorb the spiritual power, I'm afraid my meridians and dantian will be destroyed."

Chen Wenqing realized the seriousness of the problem, so she immediately stopped absorbing it.

"Brother, why did you stop? Don't continue to absorb spiritual power?"

Li Youcai asked in surprise.

"No! This metallic aura is too sharp, it will cause great damage to the meridians and the body, and it is difficult for me to absorb it..."

Li Youcai said: "Brother, why did you forget? Don't you have a golden light spell? This magic spell has the function of protecting the body, why not use it?"

Chen Wenqing suddenly realized, and while running the golden light spell to protect the body, he absorbed metallic spiritual power.

"Hahaha, this method works!"

"Brother, you are really talented!


		