

Under the eyes of the sky, the evildoer has nowhere to hide.

Under the golden light of the sky eyes, the old monk's body was cracked inch by inch like porcelain.

There is a red light shining in the body, as if a monster is conceived in it.

From the cracked body of the old monk, one after another fiery red limbs, limbs and tentacles protruded, and there seemed to be nearly a hundred of them.

The antennae of each arthropod are as sharp as knives, braving the cold air, making people shudder.

"Roar!"

The fiery red monster finally broke out of its shell, turning into a giant fiery red centipede over three feet long.

The evildoer had a hundred eyes in his belly, and let out a roar like a dragon's chant from his mouth, which immediately scattered everyone in the hall in shock.

"The monster is coming! Everyone run away..."

"The abbot is actually a goblin, everyone run!"

"Ah... what a big centipede, don't come here!"


At this time, a foul-smelling blue mist was coming out of the centipede's mouthparts, and it filled the entire Daxiong Palace in just a short while.

Before everyone ran a few steps, they were already knocked to the ground by the blue poisonous mist, life or death unknown.

"This monster is actually a centipede!" Seeing this, Chen Wenqing couldn't help but shudder in his heart, and he quickly drew out the dragon-slaying sword as a precaution.

Chen Wenqing felt the majestic aura emanating from the centipede spirit in front of him, and found that this evildoer was already at the late stage of Jindan.

"It seems that this centipede has been cultivating for more than five hundred years, and dragon horns have grown on his head, and even his roar is accompanied by a dragon's chant. It is not far from the transformation dragon!"

Chen Wenqing's face was dripping with cold sweat, and his heart was extremely vigilant.

"It's still careless, I didn't expect this evildoer to have such strength. I'm afraid this centipede will be more difficult to deal with than that anaconda!"

Chen Wenqing held the Dragon Slaying Sword tightly, her heart turned sharply.

"Roar!" The centipede uttered another dragon chant at Chen Wenqing, shaking the entire Daxiong Palace trembling.

The centipede spit out human words, stood upright, looked down at Chen Wenqing, and said, "Little Taoist priest, you actually forced the poor monk to manifest his true form. You must know that the poor monk has not shown this form to others for more than 30 years. Already!"

"Whoever sees my true form will die!"

After the centipede finished speaking, he began to chant a mantra: "Put down the butcher's knife and become a Buddha immediately. The sea of ​​suffering is boundless, and you will be right when you turn back."

"Put down the butcher's knife and become a Buddha immediately. The sea of ​​suffering is boundless, and you will be right when you turn back."

"Put down the butcher's knife and become a Buddha immediately. The sea of ​​suffering is boundless, and you will be right when you turn back."


At first, Chen Wenqing didn't pay attention to the mantra that Centipede Jing was chanting, but as Centipede Jing continued to recite it, she realized that her mind became more and more confused, her spiritual power became stagnant, and she felt drowsy.

"Not good!" Chen Wenqing quickly became vigilant.

"This turned out to be "Death Sanskrit"!"

Chen Wenqing concentrated her mind and ran the "Shangqing Lingbao Manual", and the movement of spiritual energy in her body became normal.

Suoming Sanskrit, also known as Suoming Mingwang Mantra, is a rebirth curse for powerful evil spirits. Legend has it that the life-threatening Sanskrit can even be reborn in the sky demon! The target of life-suffering Sanskrit is often not the living beings. The biggest effect is that it can instantly reincarnate the living beings, that is, immediately terminate the life and send you into reincarnation!

"It's so vicious and life-threatening Sanskrit!"

Chen Wenqing saw at a glance that the souls of the monks in the Daxiong Palace and the county magistrate of Qin had left their bodies and slowly began to dissipate under the attack of the life-threatening Sanskrit.

"You have the "Desperate Sanskrit", and I have the "Purifying Mantra"! I want to see whether your Sudden Sanskrit is the best, or my Purifying Mantra!"

Chen Wenqing circulated his mana, pinched his fingers, and stepped on the seven stars in the Daxiong Palace.

"Too high on the stage star, constantly responding to changes."

"Exorcise evil spirits and subdue evil spirits, protect life and body."

"Wisdom is clear and the mind is peaceful."

"The three souls are eternal, and there is no loss of soul."

"Taishang Laojun is as anxious as a law! Meditation mantra - pardon!"

The golden light circulated in Chen Wenqing's body, spreading the magic power all over his body. Immediately, Chen Wenqing emitted a mighty and majestic golden light like a scorching sun. The golden light turned into huge charms and attacked the centipede spirit.

Centipede Jing's Sanskrit Yin for Life has obviously cultivated to a very deep level, facing Chen Wenqing's Purifying Heart Talisman is evenly matched, no one can do anything for a while.

Seeing this, the centipede spirit said, "Little Taoist priest, I didn't expect that you could not only resist the poisonous mist from the poor monk, but also resist the life-threatening mantra from the poor monk. The poor monk underestimated you!"

"Humph!"

Chen Wenqing sneered, and said: "Old bald donkey, you just learned the Tao from a centipede, and you got the evil method from somewhere, and turned the real Buddha into an evil Buddha! You have done a lot of evil and poisoned the people. Today, the poor Taoist will send you to the west! "

"Hahaha, little Taoist priest, you are only at the early stage of the golden core, and your tone is not small! Today, the poor monk wants to see how you get me back to the west!"

After the centipede finished speaking, the centipede moved its feet, black clouds rose, and the centipede's body rose into the air, knocking out a big hole in the ceiling of the Daxiong Palace.

At this time, a hundred eyes appeared under the centipede's fine ribs, and black light was released from the hundred eyes. The evil energy of the black light rolled and hit Chen Wenqing from top to bottom.

"Don't think that you are the only one who has pupil art, I ask you to try it today, poor monk's hundred-eyed black pupil art!" Centipede Jing laughed.

Strips of black light hit the bluestone floor of the Daxiong Palace, splashing black flames. Chen Wenqing moved left and right, constantly dodging.

Chen Wenqing circulated the mana between the eyebrows, and the golden light in the sky's eyes was shining, and it was directed towards the centipede in midair.

"Okay! I'll let you see if it's your hundred-eyed black pupils that are the best, or the poor's celestial clairvoyance!"

Tianyantong was pushed to the extreme by Chen Wenqing, the sound of wind and thunder in the divine light was like a hundred birds contending, and the noisy sound of wind and thunder made the centipede feel uneasy.

The golden light of the sky eye and the black light of the hundred eyes collided together, but they did not stand still like the meditation mantra and the life-threatening mantra.

The golden light of the sky eye was like the scorching sun melting ice, and quickly smashed the black light.

"what..."

The centipede let out a shrill scream, and the eyes under the ribs seemed to be hit hard, and green blood flowed from each eye.

Chen Wenqing restrained her celestial eye spell, and said proudly: "The celestial eye can see through, all evils can be warded off, and it specializes in breaking evil spells! The evildoer dares to compete with it with the mere evil pupil technique!"

The centipede was in unbearable pain, and let out a roar, and the sound waves overturned all the magnificent glazed bricks and tiles adorning Chanyin Temple, and smashed them to pieces.

"I want you to die!"

Wielding giant pincers and sharp mouthparts like swords, spears and halberds, the centipede swooped down towards Chen Wenqing from mid-air.

Immediately, the carved beams and painted buildings in the entire Daxiong Palace, like tofu, were cut and broken and collapsed, burying everyone under the rubble.

Holding the dragon-slaying sword, Chen Wenqing soared out of the ruins and landed on the top of the seven-story pagoda beside him.

at this time.

The setting sun has slanted, and the setting sun is like blood.

The fiery red sunlight illuminated the Dragon Slaying Sword in Chen Wenqing's hand.

As the evening wind blew, it seemed that there was a sound of dragon chant coming from Centipede Jing's ears.

Chen Wenqing condensed her whole body's mana into the sword and said in a low voice.

"I have a sword that can turn rivers and seas, chase stars and take moons, and subdue demons and suppress demons! All magic in the world can be broken with one sword!"

"Dragon Slaying Sword Technique, the first move!

"Punish evil!"


		