

the next day.

Because Chen Wenqing was seriously injured, she didn't go anywhere and just lay on the bed to recuperate.

At this time, the door was pushed open, and Cheng Jiaoyu brought a short old man to Chen Wenqing's residence.

In fact, after a night of recuperation and taking the soul-protecting pill given by Cheng Jiaoyu, Chen Wenqing felt that the burning pain in her meridians had eased a lot.

However, the sense of weakness from the soul did not change at all. Chen Wenqing tried to gather spiritual energy, but all failed. The main reason is still unable to condense the power of the soul.

"Wen Qing, this is Wei Changqing Jiaoyu from the Alchemy Academy." Cheng Jiaoyu introduced to the short old man beside him, "Wei Jiaoyu is one of the best existences in Zixia Temple whether it is curing diseases and saving lives, or refining elixirs. "

"Today, I hereby bring Wei Jiaoyu to show you how to recover from your injuries."

Hearing this, Chen Wenqing sat up from the bed, cupped her hands and said, "Wenqing thanks Cheng Jiaoyu, I'm sorry for not being able to get up in bed due to injury, I saw Wei Jiaoyu here personally."

"Well, it's okay! I've heard about your business, and you did a good job!"

Wei Changqing caressed his gray beard, and said proudly: "Actually, when I came here to see your wound this time, I also obeyed the instructions of the temple master. Otherwise, how can I invite this old man with Cheng Bangchui?"

Wei Changqing sneered: "Old Cheng, seeing how poor and poor your Fulu Taoist Academy is now, I'm afraid you can't even pay the old man's consultation fee."

Cheng Jiaoyu chuckled, and said, "Brother, what you mean by that is that there will be no fee for Wenqing's treatment this time?"

Cheng Jiaoyu jumped up excitedly, "Let me just say, based on our old relationship for so many years, wouldn't it be outrageous to charge me a consultation fee?"

"Don't, don't, don't! I didn't say that. I, Wei Changqing, have always been careful about budgeting and counting every penny, so the consultation fee cannot be less!"

Cheng Jiaoyu heard the words at this time, and when he was about to say something more, Chen Wenqing had already taken out two ginseng plants from the storage bag.

The two ginseng plants had just been taken out, and the spiritual energy emitted filled the room with fragrance.

"Boy! I didn't expect you to come up with two ginseng plants that are more than three hundred years old! People say that the Fulu Taoist Academy is poor and empty, I don't think so."

Chen Wenqing didn't answer, but said respectfully: "I wonder if these two ginseng plants can be used as a consultation fee?"

"Of course, the consultation fee is more than enough!"

"That's good! Since that's the case, can I ask Wei Jiaoyu to help the kid see how the injury is? Is there a cure?"

Wei Changqing laughed, took the ginseng from Chen Wenqing's hand, turned to Cheng Jiaoyu and said, "You are a good student! You know good and bad, much better than your stick!"

After Wei Changqing finished speaking, he stretched out his hand to grab Chen Wenqing's wrist, injected a spirit energy into Chen Wenqing's meridians, and then gently closed his eyes.

At this time, Chen Wenqing felt a spirit full of vitality injected into the meridians, and with the movement of his own spirit, he swam through the entire Great Circle.

After about a cup of tea, Wei Changqing opened his eyes and stood up.

"Old Cheng, your disciple is well received, have you considered sending him to my Alchemy Academy?"

Cheng Jiaoyu said: "Brother Wei, stop joking! Let me tell you how is Wen Qing's injury?"

Wei Changqing coughed lightly and said: "Although your disciple is only at the peak of the Foundation Establishment Realm, but the foundation of Taoism is very solid, and the meridians are also very strong."

"Before, it was obvious that there was fire attribute aura remaining in the meridian, which burned the meridian, but now it seems that it has been repaired by itself."

"It's just..." Wei Changqing paused at this point

Cheng Jiaoyu said anxiously: "But what, you should hurry up and tell me. What's the deal with me?"

"His biggest problem is his soul. Your disciple's soul has been severely damaged. It may take a lot of work to cure it..."

When Chen Wenqing heard the words, she cupped her hands and said: "I also ask Wei Jiaoyu to help me. How to treat and what conditions are needed, but please tell me!"

Wei Changqing waved his hand and said, "I have become friends with Cheng Bangchui, not to mention I have already collected your consultation fee, so I should do my best. You can rest assured about that."

Wei Changqing said to Chen Wenqing: "There are two main reasons for the damage to your soul. One is that you forcibly used talisman spells beyond your own realm, which caused the power of the soul to be overdrawn. The other is that you have been hit by the fire attribute of Buddhism. The exercises burned the soul."

"Now your soul is actually leaking, and the spiritual energy will also leak when it comes in. This is why you can't use the way of talismans now."

To cast the talisman, the caster needs to infuse the spirit of his own soul into the talisman. If there is something wrong with the soul, then the drawn talisman will not have any aura, but just an empty surface.

"So that's it!" Chen Wenqing nodded, and said, "No wonder I can practice swordsmanship, there are magic techniques, but I can't use the way of talismans. It's because of this reason."

Chen Wenqing's strongest method now is still the way of talismans, and now he can't use the way of talismans, which makes him very anxious.

"I don't know if there is any way to repair this missing spirit?"

Wei Changqing said affirmatively: "Of course there is a solution! Cheng Bangchui should give you a pill to stabilize the soul, so as to ensure that the power of the soul will not be lost."

"However, this can only cure the symptoms, not the root cause! If the soul is lacking, it needs to be repaired. There is a kind of elixir that is specially used to repair the soul, called "Soul Condensation Pill". However, the craft of refining "Soul Condensation Pill" It is more complicated, and it also requires a lot of rare and hard-to-find natural treasures."

When Chen Wenqing heard that there was a way to restore the spirit, her heart lightened immediately, and she couldn't help asking: "What medicinal materials do I need? I will definitely try my best to find them!"

Chen Wenqing, as a mountain god, and with the help of the treasure hunting mouse Xiao Huihui, has some confidence in finding the treasures of heaven and earth.

"The main medicines needed are dragon's blood stone, broken soul grass, and seven-leaf crabapple. I have other auxiliary materials in Dan Dao Academy."

"In addition, the Dragon Blood Stone Pill Daoist Academy has some collections, so there is no need to search for them. However, there are no collections for the Severing Soul Grass and Aescinus Begonia, so you can only go out and look for them. Only by preparing these main refining materials can the old man prepare for them You refined this Soul Condensation Pill."

Chen Wenqing was overjoyed, and said: "Can you please tell me the appearance and properties of these two medicinal materials, Mr. Wei, so that I can find them conveniently."

With a wave of Wei Changqing's sleeve, a burst of spiritual energy surged, and after the spiritual energy rolled in mid-air, two plants of medicinal herbs appeared.

"This is what the soul-severing grass and the seven-leaf crabapple look like! These two elixir are very scarce, and it is not so easy to find them. You have to be prepared!"

Wei Wenqing finally left a bottle of soul protection pill for Chen Wenqing to ensure that the power of the soul would not be lost, and then left Fulu Daoyuan.

Chen Wenqing waited for Wei Changqing to go far away before asking: "Cheng Jiaoyu, what did the temple master say after reporting this matter yesterday?"

"The Lord has made arrangements, so we don't need to intervene in this matter."

Chen Wenqing nodded and said, "I have something I don't know if I should ask?"

"Wenqing, if you have any questions, just ask!"

"Why are there so many differences and fights between the main viewer and the deputy viewer?"

Cheng Jiaoyu let out a long sigh and said, "The main viewer has not recovered from his serious injury, and the deputy viewer wants to take his place. Therefore, the deputy viewer, together with all the Zhang Yuan in Zixia Temple, wants to seize the position of the viewer."

"So it's a dispute within the sect? But what about the monster clan?" Chen Wenqing asked suspiciously.

"The viewer, in fact, has intentionally passed it on to the deputy viewer! However, now it is found that the deputy viewer has a great suspicion of colluding with the monster race and betraying the interests of the human race. In this way, the deputy viewer may not be able to get the position of the viewer master." so easy!"

Cheng Jiaoyu said: "The position of the master of the temple must not only be approved by the person in charge of the Zixia Temple, but also the approval of the upper sect."

"Then our Fulu Taoist Academy does not have a master now, so what should we do?"

"Although the Fulu Taoist Academy does not have a master now, and there are not many disciples. However, since the Fulu Taoist Academy is still a separate Taoist academy, it has the right to vote. Now, the right to vote is in my hands."

At this moment, Chen Wenqing understood why the Vice-Chancellor had been targeting Fulu Daoist Academy. It turns out that as long as the Fulu Taoist Academy is dissolved, there will be no such voting rights.

"By the way! I just said that the new Guanzhu needs to be approved by all the masters, as well as the approval of the upper sect. I don't know, what is this upper sect?"

When Cheng Jiaoyu heard this, he smiled proudly and said, "Zixiaguan's sect belongs to the Five Thunder Sect!"

"Five Thunder School?" Chen Wenqing seemed to have an impression of this name.

"The Five Thunder Sect is one of the branches of the Shenxiao Sect!"

"What? Shenxiao faction!"

Chen Wenqing was shocked!


		