

Li Youcai's fist with the size of a sandbag looks very bluffing, but unfortunately because he is fat and has no flexible steps, he dodges this fist lightly, while Chen Youcai's fist with the size of a sandbag hits the air, and because of too much force, he dies I fell a big somersault.

"Boom~"

Li Youcai's obese body fell to the ground, and Yuanyuan's face was covered with dust, showing an angry expression.

"Hahaha..."

"Oops... Hahaha, I'm dying of laughter. The fist the size of a sandbag is so scary!"

"Hahaha, the fat ones are like pigs, and they also learn to fight like humans! You won't fall, and you won't even be able to climb up!"

The outer disciples who watched the excitement in the long queue around them let out bursts of ear-piercing ridicule, and some even exaggeratedly held their stomachs and laughed non-stop.

Seeing this, Chen Wenqing frowned, stepped forward to help Li Youcai up, patted the dust on Li Youcai's body, turned her head and said: "You guys are too much, not only cutting the queue, but also hurting people with your words. We are all brothers of the same school. Why embarrass each other!"

"Brother of the same sect? Are you a handyman who deserves to be compared with our disciples of the Shu Dao Academy? Only the Fulu Dao Academy will pick up the trash discarded by other Dao Academy!"

"Yes, yes! You two are trash!"

"One is as fat as a fat pig, and the other is a handyman. They are a perfect match!"

"Hahaha, it's better to disband the Talisman Taoist Temple as soon as possible. It's a waste of Zixia Temple's cultivation resources!"

Harsh words reached Chen Wenqing's ears, making him furious. Just as he was about to speak, Li Youcai yelled: "Shut up!"

"You two dare to insult me, Senior Brother Chen, and Fulu Taoist Academy! I hate people calling me fat the most in my life. Today I must teach you two a lesson!"

Li Youcai's soul moved, and he aroused the spirit of Confucianism and Taoism in his body, and shouted: "Confucianism, sharp words! Go!"

Seeing Li Youcai performing Confucianism and Taoism in front of him, the disciples of Shu Dao Academy smiled contemptuously and said, "Like a sword? It's just a small skill, let me beat you!"

After finishing speaking, he chanted a mantra, and said: "The spirit of Yangming, the power of the gods hides the heart, absorbs the evil spirits, hides the human form, together with the magic talisman, worships the devil without trace, dares to disobey, the heavenly soldiers ascend, order!"

"Hurry up like a law! God's power is bestowed by heaven, so that you can form a soldier! Order!"

At this time, the disciple of the Dao Academy grabbed a handful of soybeans from his pocket and threw them into the sky, muttering a mantra in his mouth. I saw a burst of spiritual energy floating, and Soybean turned into six giants in golden armor!

The giant in golden armor, holding a sword, gun, sword and halberd, looks majestic like a heavenly soldier descending.

Chen Wenqing looked at the six behemoths that suddenly appeared in front of him, feeling full of oppression, and could not help but sweat from his temples. However, seeing the legendary spell for the first time, I was a little excited and worried about Chen Youcai.

"What a powerful art of spreading beans into soldiers, it is really incomparably mysterious!"

At this time, Li Youcai's Confucian swords had already shot at the body of the golden armored giant, and there were two loud bangs, but it did not hurt him at all. At this time, I saw the giant in golden armor stretch out two big golden hands, and easily squeezed his tongue and sword to burst!

Li Youcai saw that he couldn't help each other, so he continued to read: "Men are about the long march, and you are a little quiet swallower. Gambling wins under the horse's hoof, because it is seven feet lighter. Don't dare to kill before, you must be like a hedgehog. Huang Yunlong, Bai Yunfei , You can’t return until you’ve repaid your kindness.”

The vitality of heaven and earth surged, and a pure Confucian and Taoist spirit rushed towards Li Youcai. Li Youcai shouted loudly: "Confucianism and law - horses and soldiers!"

The air of Confucianism and Taoism in the sky is constantly transpiring and rolling, and the majestic Confucianism forms a mighty warrior. There were eighteen warriors in total, but each warrior was as powerful as Shen Yuan, and they charged towards the golden-armored giant.

"This is Confucianism! This fat man knows Confucianism?!" The disciples of the Daoist Academy were shocked when they saw this situation.

"kill!"

Eighteen soldiers launched a charge, but charged with the momentum of thousands of troops

Seeing this, another disciple of the Shu Dao Academy said, "Hmph! It's just Jurenjing Confucianism, don't worry too much!"

"In this case, let you feel the power of the soldiers!"

With a wave of Li Youcai's hand, the soldiers attacked the heavenly soldiers. At this time, the heavenly soldiers, who seemed extremely powerful, could not last a breath under the charge of the soldiers.

"Heavenly Soldiers are not all-in-one enemies?"

The Heavenly Soldiers burst like foam, turning into cracked soybeans and falling to the ground.

Li Youcai smiled slightly at the corner of his mouth, and said: "Scattering beans into soldiers - the art of Liu Ding Liu Jia is nothing more than that!"

At this moment, the disciples of the Shu Dao School felt heavy. The Taoism "Scattering Beans into Soldiers-Six Ding Liujia" was easily broken by Li Youcai, and they were shocked.

At this moment, the two disciples of the Shu Dao Academy realized that Li Youcai was not easy to deal with, so they formed seals with both hands at the same time, and chanted the mantra:

"Qianyuan Henry Zhen, Genshan seals the ghost road, Kanshui surges waves, thunder and thunderbolt sound, I enter the middle palace, Duize hero soldiers, Lihuo drives the flame wheel, Kundi pipes the entrance, Xunfeng blows the mountains, all Will protect my body!"

"Nine palaces and eight trigrams array! Order!"

Chen Wenqing felt a surge of profound spiritual energy between the heaven and the earth, and saw a Nine Palaces and Eight Trigrams formation rising under the feet of the two disciples of the Taoism Academy.

The Nine Palaces and Eight Trigrams array is covered with mysterious spirit energy, and there are golden talisman flowing light, flowing continuously...

At this time, the two disciples of Shu Dao College did not stop their hands and feet, and followed the directions of the five elements and eight trigrams of Yongqian, Kan, Gen, Zhen, Xun, Li, Kun, and Dui respectively, and walked in the Jiugong Bagua array in turn. Law...

Seeing this, Li Youcai waved his right hand, and the soldiers charged towards the Eight Diagrams formation of the Shu Dao Academy.

"kill!"

The Jiugong Bagua array made a sound of gold and iron, but Chen Wenqing took a closer look at this time, and the Jiugong Bagua array was safe and sound.

The disciple of Shu Dao Academy laughed long and said: "Hahaha... I have a very strong defense against Jiugong Bagua, and it is impossible for you to break through my defense with your Confucianism and Taoism cultivation base!"

The disciples of Shu Dao Academy were talking, but their hands didn't stop. At this time, the two of them quickly made a hand seal. This hand seal is quite complicated, and it seems that it should be a powerful technique.

"The sword is all iron, because it is held, it becomes psychic, it moves because of the heart, it lives because of blood, and it dies because of non-thought. The art of controlling the sword is to adjust the breath, hold the essence and keep one, so that the five spirits of the sword become one. , reciprocating, endless life! Yu Jian Jue, the sword comes out!"

At this time, the disciples of Shu Dao Academy held law enforcement swords, like a peacock spreading its tail, turning one into two, two into four, four into eight...

Immediately, the eight flying swords roared towards Li Youcai, blowing up the cold sword gang, and swept away the soldiers in front of him like a broken bamboo.

Feeling the cold edge of the flying sword, Li Youcai felt a chill in his heart: "How can I resist such a powerful sword control technique?"

"Could it be that I, Chen Youcai, am going to confess here today?"

Chen Youcai felt a little desperate at this moment!


		