

"Confucianism-Sacred Words, Zibuyu speaks strange powers and chaos gods! Suppress!"

A huge aura of righteousness poured down from the sky, turned into a milky white beam of light, and heavily suppressed Huang Pizi on the ground, making him unable to move anymore.

At this time, Li Youcai was very angry, because he let Chen Wenqing block the blow for him carelessly, which caused his senior brother to be seriously injured, and he felt ashamed in his heart.

"I am an unqualified Taoist protector. Not only did I fail to help senior brother, but I also caused trouble for senior brother!" Li Youcai tried his best, and never held back any hands, arousing the aura of Confucianism and Taoism in his whole body. Lost all resistance!

Under the awe-inspiring righteousness of Confucianism and Taoism, Huang Pizi showed his real body. It was indeed a huge weasel becoming a demon. At this time, it is already half dead, with less air intake and more air output.

Li Youcai carried the yellow leather upside down, walked up to Chen Wenqing, threw the half-dead yellow leather on the ground, and said, "Senior brother, I'm sorry for causing you trouble!" After speaking, he was about to bow down to Chen Wenqing.

Chen Wenqing raised his hand and said weakly: "You and my senior brother, it's too outlandish to talk like that." Chen Wenqing took a breath and said, "Speaking of which, I'm still worried that you can't deal with this cunning bastard alone. But I didn't expect, junior, that you also possessed a skill of Confucianism and Taoism - Holy Words. The power of this technique is truly terrifying!"

Li Youcai scratched his head when he heard the words, and said: "When I left the academy, my master taught me this. He once told me not to use it unless it was absolutely necessary. I also used it out of desperation."

"Oh?" A smile appeared on Chen Wenqing's pale face, "This is the first time I've heard my junior talk about Confucianism and Taoism, but I don't know which great Confucianist I learned from?" Chen Wenqing asked curiously.

Li Youcai said shamelessly: "I originally came from Jixia Academy, under Master Wang's sect. Now that I think about it, I am the most unworthy disciple under Master Wang's sect. Not only did I slack in practicing Confucianism and Taoism, but I also gave up halfway and turned to Confucianism to enter Taoism."

Li Youcai showed a bitter expression, and said: "Senior brother, I have been reluctant to mention this matter, and I feel ashamed. I owe the old master's painstaking teachings!"

Hearing this, Chen Wenqing showed a faint smile on her pale face, and said, "Junior Brother, the so-called learning is boundless. The practice of Confucianism and Taoism does not happen overnight. The so-called life is old and learning is old. Although Junior Brother is not in Jixia Academy now, Confucianism Dao practice has never been interrupted. Now, not only has he broken through to Jinshi, but he has also mastered the awe-inspiring righteousness that Confucianists dream of. From this point of view, the younger brother has not failed Master Wang's heart."

Chen Wenqing stood up from the ground, walked in front of Li Youcai with Xiao Huihui's support, and said seriously: "Besides, everyone has a different path to go. Perhaps, the path of a junior is to cultivate both Confucianism and Taoism! That's all!"

Li Youcai was shocked when he heard the words, his eyes glowed with infinite brilliance!

"Okay! Put this aside for now, let's interrogate this yellow man first!" Li Youcai helped Chen Wenqing into the mountain temple, found a place to sit down.

Li Youcai found a hemp rope, hung the yellow leather upside down on the beam of the door, and asked, "Tell me! How did you become a mountain god, and how did you exploit the common people? Tell me one by one. Otherwise, I will let you nice."

"I said...I said..." Huang Pizi said weakly: "Three years ago, Fuyun Mountain God Du Jie was seriously injured. So, I took the opportunity to seize the position of Mountain God."

"No more?" Li Youcai was furious and asked, "Has the mountain god been killed by you? Tell me!"

"Yes."

"What about the Mountain God Order?"

Huang Pizi hesitated to speak, but seeing Li Youcai's fierce expression, he had no choice but to say: "The Order of the Mountain God is in my soul." After speaking, a token flew out from between Huang Pizi's eyebrows, suspended in the air.

Chen Wenqing stretched out his hand and made a move, and the Mountain God Order floated towards Chen Wenqing.

"Sure enough, it's the decree of the mountain god." Chen Wenqing felt that the token had a similar aura to the "law decree" he had received, and said, "How did you refine this decree of the mountain god?"

Huang Pizi raised his head with difficulty, and said in a mournful voice, "After the death of the mountain god, this piece of mountain god's decree becomes ownerless. With the separation between heaven and man, there is no need for divine appointment, just a drop of blood to recognize the owner."

Chen Wenqing was silent when he heard the words, and said: "I have my own way to verify this matter. If you find out that you are lying, then don't blame the poor."

As soon as the words fell, Chen Wenqing communicated with the "Law" with his mind, but stopped talking.

About the time of a cup of tea, a gust of wind blew through the mountain temple, and a black figure appeared with a fierce face, a wide body and a fat body. It was Heiwuchang Baye.

"Little Taoist priest, I didn't expect to meet again so soon." Hei Wuchang looked at the yellow leather child hanging on the door beam, and sneered, "Is this the yellow leather child you said that took the position of mountain god?"

Chen Wenqing nodded, and said: "Yes. Three years ago, the yellow-skinned son killed the mountain god, and the dove occupied the magpie's nest. Since then, the common people have been fish and meat. Now the mountain god has recognized him as the master, and we have to ask eight people for this matter." Lord deal with it."

"Well, this matter is easy to deal with." Hei Baye said, a dark lightning shot out from his fingertips and hit the yellow leather child hanging on the door beam. Huang Pizi made a loud sound of "thrilling", and Huang Pizi had turned into fly ash and disappeared.

Hei Baye threw the decree of the mountain god floating in the air towards Chen Wenqing, and said: "Under the separation between heaven and man, the gods, big and small, in this Nine Continent have changed countless times. Nowadays, no one cares whether this god is It’s not a true god. Now, in the Nine Continent Continent, you don’t recognize gods!”

Hei Baye walked to Chen Wenqing's side, saw the long bloodstains on his back still overflowing with blood, nodded in satisfaction and said, "This mountain god decree belongs to you! After dripping blood and refining, you will be this man from now on." The mountain god of Fuyun Mountain."

When Chen Wenqing heard the words, she refused: "No! The poor Taoist came here to eliminate demons, not because of the decree of the mountain god, but..."

"Nothing!" Hei Baye said with a heavy expression on his ferocious face, "Nowadays, the righteous way is declining, and there are very few people like you who can wholeheartedly protect the common people. If you get this order of the mountain god, you can turn into a god." .While protecting the people of one side, you can also enjoy the incense in the world."

Hei Baye patted Chen Wenqing's injured shoulder, and said, "With the blessing of earthly incense, we can not only speed up our practice, but also quickly use the energy of mountains and rivers to quickly recover from injuries. Little Taoist priest, do you still refuse now?"

Chen Wenqing heard the words, bowed and said: "Xiao Dao is grateful to Ba Ye for his love, Xiao Dao will definitely live up to Ba Ye's expectations!"

"Hahaha, very good!" Hei Baye smiled sinisterly: "Little Taoist priest, we are optimistic about you! You have to live well, your seventh master and I hope to see the day when you really grow up!"

"Ha ha ha ha......"

With a gloomy laughter sounded in the darkness, Hei Baye also disappeared into the mountain temple.

Chen Wenqing was slightly absent-minded while holding the mountain god's token in his hand. After a while, he bit his index finger and dripped blood on the mountain god's token.

I saw a burst of golden light emanating from the mountain god order, which disappeared into Chen Wenqing's soul in a flash. At this time, great changes have taken place in the statues of the mountain temple. The original statue with a sharp mouth and monkey cheeks has also changed to look like Chen Wenqing.

"Congratulations, senior brother!" Li Youcai said excitedly with a look of excitement on his face.

Chen Wenqing was also in a happy mood at this time, carefully feeling the soreness on her back, and knowing that the injury on her back was recovering quickly, the corners of her mouth could not help but slightly curl up.

"Junior brother, please keep this matter a secret. It is said that a man is not guilty, but a woman is guilty. Now we are still weak, and the mountain god's order is of great importance. All of this is not enough for outsiders to understand."

Hearing this, Li Youcai said solemnly: "Senior brother, please rest assured, junior brother will save you."

At this time, Xiao Huihui, who had been silent all this time, suddenly said: "Brother, it seems that this weasel has hidden a lot of good things in the mountain temple. Just now, Xiao Huihui smelled the breath of heaven, material and earth treasures... "

Hearing this, Li Youcai quickly picked up Xiao Huihui, and said more excitedly than before: "Xiao Huihui, is what you said true? Really? Where is it, let's look for it..."

Xiao Huihui pointed at the seat of the mountain god and said: "The good things I said are right here!"

Li Youcai moved the seat of the mountain god with great effort, looked at the seat of the mountain god, and muttered in his mouth: "Hahaha, it looks like we are going to make a fortune again!"

"Little Huihui, you are simply our lucky star!!"


		