

Chen Wenqing's heart moved, the names of these ten innate spiritual roots were no strangers, and they were well-known in previous lives. Chen Wenqing couldn't help being extremely excited when he heard the names of the top ten innate spiritual roots again today.

"Spiritual root is the general term for top-quality elixir, which can be divided into innate and acquired. Those that existed before the heaven and the earth were opened are innate, and those that grow naturally after the opening of the sky are all acquired."

Bai Wuchang said lightly: "The innate spiritual roots are all in the hands of the great powers of the Three Realms. To such powers, you and I are as weak as ants, and it is impossible to enter the eyes of the powers, let alone the extravagant hope of seeing the ten great congenital spirits." The root is true!"

Chen Wenqing is self-aware of this point, and now he is only a Taoist priest who is only worthy of the Jindan early stage, and he is too far away from the legendary power and the legendary ten innate spiritual roots. However, it does not prevent him from being very interested in it.

After all, in the previous life, all of these were myths and legends, and now it is a great pleasure to have the opportunity to hear them.

Chen Wenqing said: "Thank you Qiye for your clarification. I'm just interested in this and want to know more about it. I hope Qiye will not hesitate to enlighten me."

Bai Wuchang laughed lightly and said: "Everyone in the world thinks that they are the proud sons of heaven, and their destiny belongs to them! In fact, sentient beings like me are as numerous as the sands in the Ganges River. You have this self-knowledge, but you can see clearly. !"

"Innate spiritual roots are not for those who have great luck and great merit."

Bai Wuchang said sadly, "When I told you this, I just told you that there are many treasures in the world, which can help you enhance your aptitude and change your spiritual roots, but I didn't ask you to find the ten innate spiritual roots."

"The Ten Great Innate Spiritual Roots are legendary magical medicines, available to extraordinary people!"

Chen Wenqing nodded seriously, expressing her understanding.

Bai Wuchang said: "Huang Zhongli was born in chaos, and disappeared after the sky opened. It is said that one yuan will bloom, one yuan will bear fruit, one yuan will ripen, and one yuan will be able to enjoy it. Smelling the fragrance of flowers can increase the way of ten thousand years. Eat one You can become a Da Luo Jinxian."

Hearing this, Li Youcai said in a low voice, "Golden Immortal of Great Luo? That is the top existence in the Three Realms and Six Paths. I didn't expect that just one yellow plum could make a person become a fairy instantly, and he is still the top Golden Immortal of Da Luo!"

Bai Wuchang said: "The top ten spiritual roots have their own advantages! The gourd vine was born in Buzhou Mountain and was conceived by the soil. According to legend, it was taken away by the sage Nuwa together with the vine. Both of them are used to create people. Later, it became a magic weapon, also known as the human-made whip, which was given by Nuwa to the later emperor Shennong to distinguish medicine."

"And among the Three Realms, the most well-known one is the ginseng fruit!"

"Other spiritual roots grow on the thirty-third heaven, only the fruit of life is in the world!"

"It is said that the ginseng fruit tree blooms once every three thousand years, bears fruit once every three thousand years, and matures after another three thousand years. It can be eaten in a total of ten thousand years, and only thirty fruits are produced at a time. After the ginseng fruit tree was conceived together with Jiamu Qi, it was planted in the Wanshou Mountain. At the place, stand and guard the Taoist temple of Wuzhuang Temple."

"Wuzhuang Guanzhen Yuanzi Great Immortal, is known as the ancestor of the Earth Immortals! Only respect the heaven and the earth, not the Sanqing!"

Of course, Chen Wenqing is very aware of the great reputation of ginseng fruit, and also understands the power of Immortal Zhen Yuanzi.

Bai Wuchang continued: "Among the ten spiritual roots, the most famous one is the flat peach."

"Pantao, the full name of which is Renshui Pantao, can form a forest from a single tree, and the roots of other peach trees are separated from the mother plant, and given by Hongjun to the Queen Mother of Yaochi to suppress the luck of heaven."

"Pan peaches are divided into three types: ripening once every 3,000 years, ripening once every 6,000 years, and ripening once every 9,000 years. The efficacy and taste are all the best for nine thousand years. If you eat one, you can become a fairy."

Bai Wuchang said: "Looking at the top ten spiritual roots, only flat peaches are the easiest to obtain. However, this is also extremely difficult for the powers of the Three Realms, and it is extremely difficult for you and me!"

Chen Wenqing's heart moved, and he asked: "Is it because the flat peaches of the Queen Mother are the easiest to obtain?"

Bai Wuchang shook his head with a smile, and said: "Those who can participate in the Queen Mother's Peach Blossom Meeting are all the top existences in the Three Realms. To be honest, those powerful people don't care about ordinary flat peaches at all, unless they are ones that ripen once every nine thousand years." .”

"So, many of the flat peaches in the flat peach club will be brought back to be eaten by the disciples or Taoist boys under the sect..."

Chen Wenqing immediately understood the key point, and said, "Qi Ye means that after eating flat peaches, new flat peach trees will grow from the peach pits?"

"right!"

Bai Qiye nodded affirmatively, "Actually, flat peach trees are not uncommon, and there are many flat peach trees in the caves of the great powers of the Three Realms!"

"Although this flat peach tree is not comparable to the flat peach tree of the Queen Mother of Heaven, it is the best choice for ordinary cultivators to increase their cultivation and improve their aptitude!"

Chen Wenqing was overjoyed and said, "Could it be that there are flat peach trees in Dongsheng Shenzhou?"

Bai Wuchang looked up to the sky and said with a smile: "Of course there are! There is a place in Dongsheng Shenzhou that has the most flat peach trees. It can be said that this place is the best in the entire Three Realms except for the Queen Mother's flat peach garden!"

Chen Wenqing's mind turned sharply, she suddenly realized, and blurted out: "Could it be that what Qiye was talking about was Dongsheng Shenzhou Aolai Country, Huaguo Mountain of Overseas Immortal Mountain?"

When Bai Wuchang heard Chen Wenqing's words, he was startled, and said, "You know Huaguo Mountain? It has been 20,000 years since the end of Journey to the West, and there are very few people in the human world who still know Huaguo Mountain! Let alone After Journey to the West, Huaguo Mountain has been closed, and I have completely escaped from the Three Realms..."

Chen Wenqing said: "I also read some unofficial history and saw it. I guessed it randomly, but I didn't expect Huaguo Mountain to exist!"

Chen Wenqing looked expectant and asked, "Is the legendary Monkey King in Huaguo Mountain still there?"

Bai Wuchang glanced at Chen Wenqing with a half-smile, and said: "It seems that you know a lot about the great masters of the Three Realms! Since the one from Huaguo Mountain finished learning the scriptures, no one has called him the Great Sage Equaling Heaven anymore! He claims to be "fighting and defeating the Buddha", but now he has faded out of the eyes of the great powers of the Three Realms, but he doesn't know where he is!"

Chen Wenqing nodded and said, "I heard that that person has a bad relationship with the underworld?"

Bai Wuchang smiled, and said: "It's just a play for everyone! But it can't be said that the relationship is good, or it's not good!"

"Heaven is not benevolent, and treats all things as dogs! Even the Heavenly Court, the Underworld, the Monkey King, and the Dragon King of the Four Seas are just pawns, let alone small gods of the Underworld like me, it is even more worthless! "

Chen Wenqing's heart trembled. Today, she has heard many secrets of the Three Realms, and her understanding of this world is clearer in her heart!

Bai Wuchang continued: "The next thing I want to talk about is Xianxing!"

"Xian Xing was born in Yuzhu Cave, Zhongnan Mountain. It was owned by Yun Zhongzi, the Jin Xianyun, who only bore two fruits in his life. He was eaten by Lei Zhenzi during the Conferred God Calamity, and turned into wings of wind and thunder, which saved Lei Zhenzi from being on the list. , to be able to enshrine the gods in the flesh."

"Later, after the Tribulation of Conferred Gods, Lei Zhenzi became the Great Emperor Gouchen among the six emperors! In charge of the north and south poles and the three talents of heaven, earth, and people, commanding the stars, and presiding over the affairs of the military revolution!"

Bai Wuchang lamented the power of the ten innate spiritual roots, and said with a sigh: "Two immortal apricots can protect the world and protect the Zhou family for eight hundred years."

Only now did Chen Wenqing truly understand the horror of the Ten Great Innate Spiritual Roots. Two fairy apricots can create a great emperor!

It seems that the idea of ​​mobilizing the ten innate spiritual roots is simply wishful thinking.

"Fusang and Yuegui were born from the supreme stars Sun Xing and Taiyin Xing. The two trees are Yin and Yang. Fusang gave birth to Taiyi and Emperor Jun, and Yuegui gave birth to Xihe and Changxi."

"These are the two divine trees representing the most yang and the most yin in the world. They exude yin and yang, which are transformed by the rules of the avenue, and no one can collect them! They give birth to yin and yang, which is the foundation of the operation of this continent."

Li Youcai asked curiously: "So, these two sacred trees are ownerless?"

Bai Wuchang chuckled, "Although there is no master, it is transformed by the Dao. Yin and Yang are the rules of the world! No one can make the rules of Yin and Yang into their own!"

Chen Wenqing nodded upon hearing this.

"The plantain tree originally evolved from earth, water, fire, and wind. It was born with four leaves, which can be transformed into four magic weapons. The attributes of earth and water were taken away by the five holy beasts Qilin and Xuanwu, leaving only the two leaves of fire and wind, which were taken away by Laozi in Buzhou Mountain. The fan is used for alchemy, and the fan fell into the hands of the ancestor of Minghe and gave it to the later generations of Rakshasa girls."

"The last two spiritual roots are even more remarkable!"

Bai Wuchang said: "The bodhi tree and the bitter bamboo are symbiotic in the west. They grow on Mount Sumeru, the source of the western spiritual veins, and they are magic weapons for guiding and quasi-sacrificing sages!"

After listening to the introduction of the ten spiritual roots, Chen Wenqing suddenly felt that her knowledge of this world was too shallow, and the ten spiritual roots were too far away, but they couldn't solve the current physical aptitude problem.

Chen Wenqing asked: "Master Qi, how can I improve my aptitude with my five-element miscellaneous spiritual roots?"

"The Five Elements Miscellaneous Spiritual Roots are really troublesome!"

Bai Wuchang frowned and said: "If you have a single spiritual root, such as a fire-attributed spiritual root, then you only need to continue to consume fire-attributed heavenly materials and earthly treasures, supplemented by fire-attributed cultivation methods, then It can quickly increase the absorption speed of the fire aura, so that the problem of cultivation qualification can be easily solved."

"As for the miscellaneous spiritual roots of the five elements, you need to improve the aptitude of the five elements, and you need to take the treasures of heaven, material and earth with attributes of gold, wood, water, fire, and earth to assist in your cultivation. In this way, the resources consumed are five times that of ordinary practitioners. !"

Chen Wenqing sighed and said, "So that's the case, thank you Qiye for your enlightenment."

Bai Wu saw that Chen Wenqing was in a low mood, and comforted him: "Although the resources consumed are five times that of ordinary people, the thickness of mana is also five times that of ordinary practitioners. As long as you can complete the five elements of aptitude, one day there will be a trace of it." Opportunity to achieve the five elements."

"Five elements, what is that!" Chen Wenqing asked.

"The body of the five elements possesses the power of the five elements, and the aptitudes of metal, wood, water, fire, and earth have all reached the peak. Any skill can be learned as soon as it is learned, and the speed of practice is a hundred times faster than ordinary people!"

"and…"

Bai Wuchang paused for a moment, and said: "If the Five Elements Dao Body is cultivated to the extreme, it can become the legendary Chaos Dao Body! And the pioneer of this world, Pan Gu, is the Chaos Dao Body!"

Chen Wenqing was terrified at this time, she never thought that her mere five-element miscellaneous spiritual roots would have the potential to transform into a chaotic Taoist body.

With the potential of the Five Elements Miscellaneous Spiritual Roots, there is not even a one-in-a-billion chance of becoming a chaotic Taoist body.

Although the road is long and difficult, there is a direction and hope after all!

At this time, Chen Wenqing already understood in her heart, where to go on the road of cultivation in the future.

Chen Wenqing said silently in his heart: "It seems that if I want to improve my cultivation as soon as possible in the future, I must first improve my cultivation physique, and I need to supplement the power of the five elements. This is the most important thing in my future cultivation!"

The confusion in Chen Wenqing's heart was gone, she bent down to Bai Wuchang and bowed and said: "Wenqing, thank Master Qi for pointing out the secret maze."

Immediately, he turned his palm over, and a Yinming Grass appeared in his palm.

"This is a Yinming grass that I got by chance. It is said that it is very beneficial to the cultivation of Yin God."

Chen Wenqing handed the Yinming Grass to Bai Wuchang, and said, "Wenqing has always been taken care of by Master Qi."

"Today, this Yinming grass is dedicated to Qiye, it is not a respect!"

"I hope Master Qi will accept it!"


		