

the next day.

Li Youcai rushed back from Heitie County.

"Brother..." Li Youcai bowed to Chen Wenqing, but with a desolate expression on his face.

"Junior Brother, you've worked hard all the way!" Chen Wenqing said with a smile, "Judging from Junior Brother's expression, it seems that the trip to Heitie County is not going well? Could it be that the county magistrate of Heitie County is a common man who cannot be trusted?"

Li Youcai did not answer directly when he heard the words, but asked Chen Wenqing a question.

"Brother, brother is puzzled. Do you think Buddha is good or evil?"

"Buddha?" Chen Wenqing wondered, "why did my junior brother suddenly ask this question? Could it be that you met someone from the Buddhist sect when you went to Heitie County this time?"

Li Youcai nodded, and said: "The county magistrate of Heitie County is a person who worships Buddha and is quite devout to Buddha. Now he has converted to Buddhism..."

Chen Wenqing was silent for a moment, then said: "Junior Brother, you will tell me everything you have seen and heard in Heitie County."

Li Youcai stopped detours and told Chen Wenqing what he had seen and heard from Heitie County.

After Li Youcai came to Heitie County, he went around to inquire about the deeds and conduct of the magistrate of Heitie County.

However, what surprised Li Youcai was that the people of Heitie County had polarized judgments on Qin Guangbao, the magistrate of Heitie County.

Some people say that the county magistrate of Qin is benevolent and merciful; another part of the people thinks that the magistrate of Qin is cold-blooded, selfish, cruel and inhuman...

These two completely different evaluations made Li Youcai very confused. Later, after several twists and turns, Li Youcai understood the root of the matter.

It turned out that Qin Guangbao, the county magistrate of Heitie County, had received a meal from a local eminent monk before he became a county magistrate. The eminent monk points out that Qin Guangbao will surely be able to enter high school in the future scientific examinations, and may become a parent official.

Sure enough, Qin Guangbao passed the high school entrance examination and later became the county magistrate of Heitie County.

Since then, Qin Guangbao has ignored the people of Li and devoted all his energy to worshiping and worshiping the Buddha. On weekdays, he only knows about chanting scriptures and praising Buddha, and even ignores such a conscienceless cult as Witch and Gu Sect.

Not only that, Qin Guangbao also wantonly invaded the people's fertile land in Heitie County, built a "Zenyin Temple" with a hundred acres of land enclosure, encouraged the gentry and common people to raise donations, gilded Buddha statues, and held water and land ceremony...

Hearing this, Chen Wenqing already roughly understood why junior brother Li Youcai was confused.

Chen Wenqing sighed, and said: "Junior Brother, it seems that someone misrepresented the Buddha's recitation! This recitation is not a Buddha, it is simply an evil heretic!"

Chen Wenqing looked with his hands behind his back, looked at the indistinct Heitie County under the Heitie Mountain, and said with a sneer:

"Thousands of miles orioles sing green and red, water villages, mountains, country wine flags wind."

"In the four hundred and eighty temples of the state of Jin, how many towers are in the mist and rain."

"Junior brother, Xiao Huihui!" Chen Wenqing said with a cold and solemn expression, "Clean up and follow me down the mountain!"

"Discrimination!"

"Exorcism!"


Heitie County.

Zenonji Temple.

Chen Wenqing and the other three looked at the resplendent temple in front of them and remained silent.

The Chanyin Temple in front of you is full of blue tiles and white walls. The temple is extremely magnificent, with carved beams and painted buildings, which makes people feel pure and solemn. The zenith is made of gilt copper tiles, the eaves are painted, couplets and plaques can be seen everywhere, and the halls and pavilions are steep, giving people a magnificent atmosphere!

"Humph!"

Chen Wenqing sneered and said, "Little Heitie County has a population of less than 100,000. But it has built such a magnificent temple. I don't know how many people's flesh and blood are in it?"

Chen Wenqing didn't call the door after finishing speaking, and walked into Chanyin Temple with her legs up.

"Three Taoists, stay behind!"

As soon as Chen Wenqing stepped into Chanyin Temple, two well-known monks came over and said to Chen Wenqing and the other three.

"Amitabha! Today Zenyin Temple rests and does not accept visitors."

A monk with a fat head and big ears, with a shiny face, said to Chen Wenqing with a smile: "If the three priests want to worship the Buddha, please come back another day!"

Chen Wenqing stopped in her tracks when she heard the words, and said, "Oh, Xiu Mu? Why did the poor man smell the smell of meat from the hall?"

"This..." the monk pondered for a moment, then smiled, and said, "Maybe the Taoist priest heard it wrong! Chanyin Temple is a pure place of Buddhism, how could there be a smell of meat coming out?"

"A clean place?" Chen Wenqing said with a smile that was not a smile: "Whether it is a clean place or not, I will know when I look at it."

After Chen Wenqing finished speaking, she tiptoed and flew towards the main hall.

Seeing this, the two monks immediately shouted angrily: "Taoist Wu, how dare you intrude into the pure place of Buddhism, please stop!"

Chen Wenqing turned a deaf ear, and soon disappeared into the eyes of the two monks.

At this time, Li Youcai nodded towards Xiao Huihui, and flew away with Chen Wenqing. But Xiao Huihui turned into a gray mouse, burrowed into the ground and disappeared.

Chen Wenqing came to the main hall, and she saw a huge copper pot in the center of the main hall at a glance.

The soup in the copper pot is tumbling, gurgling and steaming, and the smell of meat is constantly wafting out, which is mouth-watering.

Next to the copper pot, there is a large desk. On the desk, there are plucked ground chickens, ducks, and half a piece of yellow beef.

At this time, there were two monks with greasy hands, holding meat cutters, cutting off slices of beef from the cattle, and throwing them into the copper pot.

On both sides of the main hall, there were two long rows of desks, and monks were sitting in front of the desks, eating fresh meat and drinking fine wine, very happy.

"Oh, I didn't expect another Taoist leader to come today!" A monk was drunk, and when he saw Chen Wenqing suddenly appear in the center of the Daxiong Palace, he stood up crookedly.

"Xiao Daoist, are you also here to be a monk?" The drunken monk came to Chen Wenqing with a jug, and put his big greasy hand on Chen Wenqing's shoulder.

"It's right to choose to be a monk, why don't you be a Taoist priest?" The drunk monk said vaguely, "Being a monk drinks wine and eats meat, so happy! It's much more comfortable than a Taoist priest who eats food and dew. Little Taoist priests have eyes!"

Chen Wenqing stood in the Daxiong Palace without saying a word, but his face was covered with an angry expression, like frost.

"Little Taoist priest, you are so handsome. If you become a monk who knows guests, there must be many female Bodhisattvas who come to ask for a child, and love you very much. Hahaha..."

At this time, another lean monk stood up, with a lewd smile on his face, and walked in front of Chen Wenqing.

"I was a Taoist priest before, and I practiced for more than ten years, but I didn't achieve anything... However, since I came to Chanyin Temple, I realized that I was wasting my time before."

The lean monk, with lustful eyes, said to Chen Wenqing: "Little Taoist priest, do you know what is the most spiritual thing in Chanyin Temple? Do you know what kind of exercise I am practicing?"

The skinny monk stuffed a chicken leg into his mouth, smelled of alcohol, and said, "Chanyin Temple, of course it is the best way to ask for a child! But all the female benefactors who come to ask for a child will get what they want! Do you know whose credit it is?"

"It's all due to me! Hahaha..."

After the thin monk finished speaking, he took off his shirt, his waist was shaking wildly like a small electric motor, and he imitated the woman's panting sound in his mouth.

"Officer, you are amazing... oh... oh..."

The monks beside the case burst into laughter when they heard the words.

"Hahaha..."

"It's exactly the same, so much alike..."

"Junior Brother Huineng's Chan of Joy is deeply rooted in its essence."

"Amitabha, Huineng is indeed extremely enlightened, and the Dharma is profound."

Chen Wenqing looked at the scene in front of her, her fists clenched tighter and rattled, and she decided not to suppress the anger in her chest.

"Chanyin Temple is really a place where all kinds of filth are hidden."

"Here, there is no need to exist anymore!"

Chen Wenqing circulated his spiritual power and raised his hand, a gust of wind flew out from between his sleeves and hit the copper pot.

The copper pot was overturned by the strong wind.

The hot gravy was poured on the monk who was still shaking crazily, and the monk suddenly let out a scream!

"what..."


		