

Since Zixia Temple was established, there has never been such an emphasis on the gambling of outer disciples.

Today, for the sake of gambling between Fulu Dao Academy and Shu Dao Academy, the ring used for the annual competition is hereby opened for gambling. In addition, this gambling fight is different from usual in that it has received attention from the highest level of Zixia Temple.

Today, the arena is crowded with people, and there are many onlookers.

"I bet fifty taels of silver that the Fulu Taoist Academy will be defeated!"

"I bet twenty Qi Gathering Pills that the Fulu Taoist Academy will be defeated!"

"I bet ten Qi Xing Pills, Fulu Taoist Academy will be defeated!"

"Didn't you win by betting on Fulu Taoist Academy?" Some people were aggrieved and questioned.

"Since that's what you said, why don't you come to bet on Fulu Taoist Academy to win? I'm willing to bet with you and lose ten, and I'm willing too!"


Standing on the ring, Chen Wenqing watched the crowded audience, many people whispered to each other, and voices came through.

"It seems that no one is optimistic about our Fulu Taoist Academy, and they all think that we are doomed to lose. However, this is also good. When the fight starts, I will have no scruples."

Chen Wenqing looked coldly at the audience who were blatant and blatant, and no one picked up the handicap that had been set. After thinking for a while, he said to everyone in the audience: "I bet three hundred Qi Xing Pill Talismans to win, who dares to bet with me?" ?”

"It's only three hundred Qi Xing Pills, isn't it enough for so many of us to win?" Someone in the audience sneered.

Chen Wenqing smiled and said, "Oh? Do you think the bet is too small?"

"Yes, the stakes are too small, too small."

"That's good!" Chen Wenqing said, "In addition to these three hundred Qi Xing Pills, how about adding these?"

Chen Wenqing opened the storage bag, and Tiancaidibao flew out of the storage bag, including Ganoderma lucidum, Polygonatum, Shouwu, etc., and these Tiancaidibao plants were more than 100 years old.

When everyone saw the treasures of heaven and earth on the ring, piled up like radishes and cabbages, they couldn't help but stare.

"I bet 500 Qi Xing Pills, and the Academy of Arts will win!"

"I bet six hundred!"

"I bet eight hundred!"

"I bet two spirit stones!"

"I bet three spirit stones!"

Seeing this, Chen Wenqing smiled slightly, and said to Li Youcai in the audience: "Junior brother, please register your bets and names one by one, and we will settle the accounts after the decisive battle."

Chen Wenqing bowed his hands to everyone present and said, "Brothers, please help to be a witness."

"Junior Brother Chen, don't worry, I will testify on this matter, and I guarantee that no one will dare to lie. Since I participated, I am willing to admit defeat."

Zhang Qian stood under the stage, standing out from the crowd like chickens, and no one approached within ten feet around.

"Thank you, Senior Brother Zhang." Chen Wenqing cupped his hands and bowed.

The time has come, but the two disciples of the Shu Dao Institute are late.

"Chen Wenqing from Fulu Taoist Academy, I have met two senior brothers."

"I've heard of you! It seems that you are very confident, and you even opened a handicap?"

"The two senior brothers are laughing at you. Our foundation in the Fulu Dao Academy is too weak. We can only rely on opening the handicap to earn some gambling money by chance and maintain our life like this."

"Hmph! You're so arrogant before you even start fighting!"

"It's not arrogance, but self-confidence. I only want to win this battle."


at this time.

Under the attention of all the people, the gambling battle between the Fulu Dao Academy and the Shu Dao Academy announced the beginning.

On the arena, Chen Wenqing said to the two disciples of the Shu Dao Academy: "I'm in a hurry, let's go together!"

"Arrogance!" Feeling the insult, the two disciples of the Shu Dao Academy became angry, "Since you want to court death, then we will fulfill you!"

Both of them released their aura of cultivation, and as expected, as Senior Brother Zhang Qian said, they were both at the peak of the Foundation Establishment Realm.

"Hmph! Both of us are at the peak of the Foundation Establishment Realm. I see how arrogant you are against you at the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm!"

"Don't talk nonsense, let's do it!" Chen Wenqing smiled faintly, "As your junior brother, I will not be polite."

As soon as Chen Wenqing finished speaking, he raised his hand and saw more than a dozen fire talismans, which turned into fireballs and attacked the two of them.

"How dare you make a fool of yourself!" A disciple of the Daoist Academy exhaled a cloud of black air. The black air evaporated and formed a cloud in the sky, covering the entire arena, and the black cloud rolled.

"Calling the wind and calling the rain, forgive me!"

The disciples of the Shu Dao Academy shot a wave of mana towards the dark cloud, and suddenly the dark cloud rolled, and there was a faint sound of thunder, and after a while, the dark cloud covering the ring fell down and it rained heavily.

"Calling the wind and calling the rain in a small area?" The talisman that Chen Wenqing typed out had been wiped out by the heavy rain, and she couldn't help frowning slightly, thinking in her heart: "It seems that the disciples of the Shu Dao Academy are not useless, it seems that we have to face it carefully." !"

"Ice spell, fall!" Seeing this, another disciple of the Shu Dao Academy took the opportunity to cast the "Ice spell". Suddenly, a burst of cold air came out from the palm of his hand, the temperature between the sky and the earth dropped sharply, and the heavy rain from the sky also turned into hail and ice. Ice knife, ice sword.

"What a combination of spells, this can't let you succeed, otherwise you will be in big trouble!" Seeing this, Chen Wenqing's yellow talisman flashed and fell on the two disciples of the Shu Dao Academy, as fast as lightning.

"Fixed amulet, fixed!"

Chen Wenqing let out a loud shout, and saw a burst of golden light on the fixed body talisman, and the talisman turned into flying ash without fire, but the two people who were casting the spell just now were irradiated by the golden light and couldn't move for a while. At this time, the "Ice Art" that had been brewing was also interrupted.

"You want to fix us with your cultivation base? It's just wishful thinking! Unsealing technique, undo it!"

There was a surge of spiritual energy in the bodies of the two Shu Dao Academy disciples, and the immobilization technique had been released.

"I never thought of really immobilizing you, just to interrupt your spellcasting!" Chen Wenqing said lightly.

"Interrupting spellcasting with the hold technique? Not bad, very thoughtful. But we must be the ones who won today!" A disciple of Shu Dao Academy said: "Sword control, the sword is like a dragon! Go!"

Immediately, a flying sword flew out from behind the disciples of Shu Dao Academy, turning one into two, turning into three... Finally, six flying swords poured towards Chen Wenqing.

"Flying swordsmanship again? It just so happened that I also learned a set of swordsmanship recently.

Chen Wenqing pulled out the dragon-slaying sword from his back, and a murderous aura filled the entire arena for a moment.

"It's so murderous!"

"So heavy hostility!"

The disciples of Shu Dao Academy were intimidated by the Dragon Slaying Sword for a while, and they couldn't help sighing.

The six flying swords cast by the disciples of Shu Dao Academy were extremely fast, and they came to Chen Wenqing's face in an instant, with a cold light like autumn water.

"It's too slow, it's still too slow!" The sky eyes between Chen Wenqing's brows were half-opened and half-closed, and under the gaze of the sky eyes, the flight trajectory of the six flying swords became extremely slow, and everything could be traced.

Chen Wenqing swung the dragon-slaying sword, and only heard a few "jingle-dang-dang-dang" sounds, and the six flying swords were cut off one by one by the dragon-slaying sword, and fell from the air onto the ring.

"What other spells do you have, just use them, otherwise, if it's just that, then you can only go so far today." Chen Wenqing pointed the dragon-slaying sword to the two disciples of the Shu Dao Academy.

"Hmph! Where are you going? Look at my misty magic!" A disciple of the Daoist Academy had gray gas coming out of his nose, covering the entire arena. The entire arena space was filled with thick fog, and he couldn't see his fingers.

At this time, the people watching the battle could no longer see the scene on the ring through the thick fog.

"The secret killing technique of the five ghosts, forgive me!"

"The art of hidden killing, forgive me!"

Two voices came from Chen Wenqing's ears, and he suddenly felt two evil spirits surging in the arena.

"You bastard! The two of you actually practiced evil skills? Aren't you afraid that the Zixia Temple will be held accountable?"

"Evil work? No, no, no, how is this evil work?" The voice of the disciple of Shu Dao Academy sounded, "As long as you die, no one will know how you died. Now you can't see anything outside, as long as you can kill Those who kill you are all good spells!"

"Hahaha..." A burst of smug laughter came from the disciples of the Shu Dao Academy.


		