

"What a great move!"

Chen Wenqing's eyes lit up, seeing Li Youcai's technique of Dagangfeng Talisman, it is obvious that the younger brother has mastered this technique with great proficiency and ease.

By the cold pool.

A few warlocks taught by Witch Gu could no longer stand up under the Great Gang Wind Art, and could only lie on the ground and howl in pain.

"Senior brother, these sorcerers practice such a vicious Gu poison technique, and they must do a lot of evil on weekdays, should they be killed together?" Li Youcai said.

Chen Wenqing said: "Forget it! Spare their lives. This time can be regarded as a lesson for them. Now, we have other things to do, let's talk about it after leaving here."

When Chen Wenqing and the others first came to Southwest Dao, they were not very clear about the division of forces in this Southwest Dao, and they didn't want to make troubles, so they just punished the sorcerer, and there was no need to kill them all.

Chen Wenqing and the others didn't care about the Witch Gu Cult sorcerer who was howling on the ground, but turned around and left with Li Youcai and Xiao Huihui.

The black iron mountain forest is huge.

The endless stretches of black iron wood stand on the mountain like steel guns, densely packed in darkness.

Black ironwood has branches and leaves that look like pine needles, but they are harder and sharper than pine needles. If you are not careful, you can easily be stabbed by the branches and leaves of black ironwood.

therefore.

Chen Wenqing and the others walked very slowly, and only found a small village after several hours.

In such a remote village, it is obvious that few outsiders come here on weekdays.

When Chen Wenqing and the other three walked over from the Black Iron Mountain Forest, the villagers looked at them with vigilance and scrutiny.

This is a village full of despair.

Everyone in the village has numb eyes, a scrawny body, and crumbling house walls, like a walking dead.

"Chen Wenqing, the poor man, can I ask the old man for a glass of water?" Chen Wenqing said to the old man who looked more energetic in front of him.

"Come with me!" The old man glanced at Chen Wenqing and the other three, walked into the house, and brought out a ladle of clear water after a while.

The old man handed the water ladle to Chen Wenqing, and said coldly: "After drinking the water, leave quickly. This is not the place you should come to."

"Thank you, old man!" Chen Wenqing took the water ladle and handed it to Xiao Huihui, "Let's drink the water and leave!"

At this moment, a little girl ran out of the house.

"Grandpa, grandpa, are there any guests in our house?" The little girl showed an excited expression on her face, and bounced to Chen Wenqing's side, looking at him curiously.

Chen Wenqing smiled slightly, knelt down and said, "My name is Chen Wenqing, what's your name, little sister?"

"My name is Grasshopper, big brother, you are so beautiful."

The little girl looked skinny and malnourished, as if a gust of wind could blow her down.

"Grasshopper?"

Chen Wenqing was taken aback, and said, "This name is really special."

"Grasshopper sounds pretty nice. Are there friends in the village named Little Worm, Little Frog, and Little Centipede? Their names are not as nice as mine."

Chen Wenqing took out some caramel from the backpack and handed it to the little girl, and said softly: "Grasshopper, there are so many little friends. This is the caramel that big brother gave you. It's very sweet. You can share it with your little friends." Let's eat together."

"Thank you big brother!" The little girl happily took the caramel and took a small bite, her eyes lit up and said, "It's really sweet!"

The little girl was eating happily, and suddenly stopped to shed tears, and said: "Such delicious caramel, but little worms, little frogs and little centipedes can't eat it." Chen Wenqing stared blankly.

Chen Wenqing was puzzled, and gently wiped away the little girl's tears and said, "Why can't the little worms, little frogs, and little centipedes be eaten?"

The little girl sobbed, "Grasshopper heard from grandpa that all the friends are dead."

The little girl seemed to remember something terrible, and said in a trembling voice: "The stomachs of the little worms, the little frogs, and the little centipedes are full of worms. The worms have eaten up everything in their stomachs."

Chen Wenqing was shocked when he heard this.

"What!? Someone cast a Gu on you?"

The old man let out a long sigh, bent down to hug the sobbing little girl, and gently patted the little girl's back to comfort her.

"Three priests, leave as soon as you finish drinking the water. Don't stay here for long, or if you are..."

Chen Wenqing already had a guess in his mind at this time, and said sharply: "Old man, tell me the truth. Is there someone who cast a voodoo on you? Is the person who made the voodoo a person from the Witch Gu sect?"

"You guys actually know about Witch Gu Cult? Why don't you run if you know that?"

Li Youcai saw the look of fear on the old man's face when he heard the words of the Witch Sect, and he couldn't help saying: "Today, there were some conflicts with a few witches from the Witch Sect, and some people from the Witch Gu Sect were killed!"

"What?! You killed the people of the Witch Gu Cult? It's over, it's over, everything is over!" Hearing this, the father-in-law was in a daze, sitting on the ground and muttering, his eyes full of despair.

Seeing this, Chen Wenqing stretched out her finger to point the output of spiritual power on the center of the old man's eyebrows, and the old man suddenly came back to his senses.

"Don't panic, old man, please tell us about this witchcraft sect first." Chen Wenqing's spirit moved, and a black law appeared in the air, and the faint golden light shrouded the old man.

"This is a law ordinance bestowed by the gods, representing the heavens to walk the world, slay demons and eliminate demons, and maintain the righteous way in the world. Witchcraft is so careless about human life, I must not just sit idly by."

The old man saw the law floating in mid-air exuding golden light, and realized that the Taoist in front of him was not a mortal, so he immediately bowed to his knees, and said with tears in his eyes, "Immortal Elder, please save me, little grasshopper, and save me from Heitie Village!" The whole village!"

With Chen Wenqing's gentle support, the old man stood up on his knees kneeling on the ground, and said with a frosty face: "Old man, please tell me everything that happened between the Witch Gu Cult and the villagers of Heitie Village." I!"

Hearing the words, the old man wiped away the tears on his face, sobbed and told Chen Wenqing and others the ins and outs of everything.

As Chen Wenqing listened, the anger in her heart became more and more difficult to contain.

"Damn, hate, it's really hateful!" Chen Wenqing was furious, "The Witch Gu Sect actually used common people as Gu to raise Gu, even pregnant women and children who were born in October! different!"

Li Youcai was also furious when he heard this, and said to the old man: "Don't worry! We will take care of this matter to the end! What the Witch Gu faction has done, people and gods are all angry, and heaven and earth are angry. We must try our best to eradicate this Witch Gu faction!"

Chen Wenqing was furious, but she did not lose her mind, and said to the old man: "Old man, please count, how many people in Heitie Village have been poisoned by witches? After three days, I will come over and give you some information first." Get rid of the poisonous voodoo. In addition, today's affairs must be kept secret, and cannot be disclosed to the outside world, can you do it?"

Hearing this, the old man replied solemnly: "Please don't worry, the elder! The old man will definitely not reveal the slightest bit, and I hope that the elder can save the whole village of Heitie Village."

Chen Wenqing nodded and didn't stay any longer, so she quickly left Heitie Village with Li Youcai and Xiao Huihui.

"Witch Gu Sect! You are absolutely unforgivable for doing such an outrageous and inhumane thing!"

"The Witch Gu Cult must be eradicated absolutely!"

"So what if there is an ancestor of Jindan?"

"So what if there are more than a hundred disciple monks?"

Chen Wenqing's heart was like ten thousand years of ice, exuding a killing intent!


		