

"call!"

Chen Wenqing saw that Ou Xiefeng's soul was completely annihilated and turned into flying ashes, she couldn't help but heaved a sigh of relief, and her whole body relaxed.

"The spiritual power has been drained, I'm so tired!" Chen Wenqing felt dizzy from the sense of emptiness from the soul and the golden core.

at this time.

On the seven bone pillars standing, seven cold blue-gray flames suddenly gathered into a ball, turned into a skull, and attacked Chen Wenqing at high speed.

At this time, Chen Wenqing didn't seem to realize it.

"Brother, be careful!"

Li Youcai noticed the abnormality and hurriedly sounded a reminder. It's just that the blue-gray flame was extremely fast, and Chen Wenqing had run out of mana, so he didn't have time to react.

"puff..."

Without the divine light protection of the Golden Light Curse, the blue-gray flames entered Chen Wenqing's body and disappeared.

Li Youcai and Xiao Huihui rushed to Chen Wenqing's side quickly, and asked anxiously: "Senior brother, how do you feel? A blue-gray flame entered your body just now..."

At this time, Chen Wenqing had already sensed the abnormality in her body, as if she felt something more in her soul, so she quickly silenced her soul in the space of consciousness.

The mind and soul space was in chaos. At this time, in addition to a piece of "Shangqing Lingbao Sutra", a decree of the mountain god, and a decree of the river god, there was an extra blue-gray flame exuding cold and evil.

"What is this?" Chen Wenqing was shocked.

From this blue-gray flame, Chen Wenqing sensed negative auras such as decay, coldness, and killing, which made him uneasy.

"I should be cursed!"

Chen Wenqing withdrew from the soul space, looked at Li Youcai and Xiao Huihui who looked concerned and said.

"I once saw an introduction to curses in Zixia Temple's collection of books. If I'm not mistaken, this should be the method of curses from the ghost tribe in Nanfangbuzhou..."

Chen Wenqing let out a long sigh. She never thought that she was cautious, but in the end she was slapped by the other party.

Being cursed, luck will be greatly reduced, and the path of practice will become more tortuous. What's even more frightening is that Chen Wenqing is now cursed, so the Nanfangbuzhou ghost clan can locate Chen Wenqing at any time.

In this way, Chen Wenqing may face revenge from the Nanbuzhou ghost clan at any time!

"Sure enough, I'm still careless!" Chen Wenqing lamented in her heart, "Don't be careless at any time, this is a bloody lesson!"

As for how to solve the curse, Chen Wenqing has no good solution now.

"Okay! Junior brother, you don't have to worry, the curse will only ruin your luck, and it won't do me any harm for the time being." Chen Wenqing said with a pretended relaxed smile.

"The Witch Gu Sect has been doing evil for many years, causing the people here to live in dire straits. Xiao Huihui, see if you can find the people's anointing that the Witch Gu Sect took away."

Xiao Huihui heard the words and said: "Brother, don't worry. Leave this to Xiao Huihui!"

White light bloomed from Xiao Huihui's body, transformed into a little gray mouse, burrowed into the ground, and disappeared.

Chen Wenqing sat cross-legged to recover her aura, and waited quietly.

After about three sticks of incense, Xiao Huihui appeared in front of Chen Wenqing with an excited expression on his face.

"Brother! We're going to get rich again!" Xiao Huihui said.

Hearing this, Chen Wenqing raised the corner of her mouth and said, "Xiao Huihui, what did you find?"

"I found a treasure house, which contains a box of stones with aura and a box of elixir, as well as countless gold and silver jewels!"

"What?" Chen Wenqing stood up from the ground, took Xiao Huihui's hand, and said, "Xiao Huihui, you mean you found a box of spirit stones?"

Chen Wenqing was no stranger to Lingshi, he still remembered that he had obtained a Lingshi once.

The spirit stone contains pure spiritual energy. If you hold the spirit stone in your hand and run the "Shangqing Lingbao Manual" to practice, the spiritual energy will be absorbed extremely quickly.

Therefore, for Chen Wenqing's physique with mixed spiritual roots of the five elements, Lingshi is a treasure that can be encountered but not sought after.

Xiao Huihui brought Chen Wenqing to a room, and saw that the room was extremely luxuriously decorated, as far as the eye could see, it was made of red sandalwood tables, chairs and beds, inlaid with emerald pearls. The floor of the room is covered with soft and smooth fur, and even the window frames are decorated with tortoiseshell shining...

Li Youcai looked around, and said, "It looks like it should be the room of Ou Xiefeng, the leader of the Witch Gu Sect. The old thief is so extravagant and wicked, and he decorated this room so magnificently, I don't know how many Li people have been harmed!"

"All living beings are like ants, and everything is a humble dog. Now we can only improve our strength as soon as possible, so that we can do more things for the common people."

Chen Wenqing shook her head and said, "It's better to find the hidden treasure as soon as possible, and distribute those ordinary gold, silver and jewelry to the local people."

Xiao Huihui nodded, pointed to a wall and said, "Brother, the treasure room is behind the wall. However, the treasure room is blocked by a formation barrier, so Xiao Huihui can only get in, but can't break the knot." boundary..."

Chen Wenqing nodded, and with a movement in his heart, a vertical pupil appeared between his eyebrows, exuding a golden divine light.

“Tengan Shintsu - Broken!”

Chen Wenqing's eyebrows and sky eyes shone a golden light on the wall, and the wall suddenly shattered like a mirror, turning into mottled phantoms and disappearing in the air, revealing his true colors.

"Wow...really rich!"

There was indeed a box of spirit stones and a box of elixir placed neatly in the treasure house. Next to the two boxes, there were countless dazzling gold and silver jewels, which were randomly thrown on the ground, shining with colorful jewels, which dazzled Li Youcai's eyes for a moment.

"Brother, how can we distribute so much gold, silver and jewels to the local people? We simply don't have so much time to distribute them one by one!"

While Li Youcai looked excited, he was depressed thinking that he would not be able to take away so much wealth no matter what. Even if Li Youcai has a storage bag, it won't work, after all, there is so much gold and silver, a storage bag can't hold it.

In addition, Chen Wenqing and the others have been out of Zixia Temple for almost a month, and after seven days, there will be the Zongmen Grand Competition of Zixia Temple. Participate in the contest.

Chen Wenqing pondered for a moment, then said: "Junior Brother, you can notify the local county magistrate with my god-given decree, and ask him to send someone to receive these gold and silver jewels. However, before notifying the county magistrate, you need to conduct a secret examination of the person." If the official style is not correct and the virtues are not good, then we will discuss it in the long run."

Li Youcai cupped his hands and said, "I would like to follow the order of my brother! Please wait a moment, brother, I will go and return." After Li Youcai finished speaking, he turned around and headed towards Heitie County.

And Chen Wenqing found out the box of spirit stones and elixir alone, and opened the boxes one by one.

"Sure enough, it's the spirit stone and the elixir!"

Chen Wenqing grasped a piece of Lingshi in the palm of his hand, feeling the aura of the Earth Profound Spirit contained in the Lingshi, he was extremely happy.

"And this box of elixir is also very good. If these elixir are refined into pills, they can absorb the spiritual power faster."

Chen Wenqing did not expect that at the end of this trip, there would be such a big harvest.

So, he patted Xiao Huihui's head, and praised: "Xiao Huihui, you really live up to the name of treasure hunter! You are really amazing!"

Xiao Huihui looked shy when she heard the words, and said, "Xiao Huihui is very happy to help elder brother. Seeing that elder brother is happy, Xiao Huihui is also very happy."

As Xiao Huihui said, he jumped up and down to the box full of elixir, and he poured out all the elixir in the box. Then, from the elixir, he found a dark, tumor-like stem of a sweet potato and handed it to Chen Wenqing.

"Brother! Xiao Huihui noticed that this black elixir seems to contain rich gold-type spiritual power. It should be the five-element elixir you are looking for..."

Chen Wenqing was overjoyed when he heard the words, grabbed the black stem, and felt the spiritual power fluctuation contained in the black elixir with his heart.

"This spiritual power is strong and sharp, and sharp and sharp, revealing an indomitable and unstoppable momentum!"

"It's definitely a gold-type elixir!" Chen Wenqing beamed with joy, hugged Xiao Huihui, and said, "Xiao Huihui, you are really my lucky star! This is really a gold-type elixir, and God is helping me! "

Chen Wenqing laughed loudly, sweeping away the aggrieved and haze that had been suppressed in her heart for many days! He has been troubled by the five elements and miscellaneous spirits for many days, but today he sees the sun like a cloud.

"Xiao Huihui, big brother has you, which is better than all the treasures in the world!" Chen Wenqing said proudly.

Xiao Huihui heard this, with a happy smile on her face.

at this time.

Chen Wenqing held the spirit stone in his left hand, and the metal elixir in his right hand. There was a flash of light in his eyes, and he was full of heroism!

"Now, not only do we have plenty of spiritual stones for cultivation, but we also accidentally obtained a golden elixir."

"In this way, in the Zongmen Grand Competition in seven days, our Fulu Taoist Academy will surely shine!"


		