

There is a record in "Tao Zang" about Tianyantong: "The five eyes of Taoism. The first is the physical eye, the second is the sky eye, the third is the wisdom eye, the fourth is the Dharma eye, and the fifth is the Taoist eye."

The eye of heaven is located at the upper dantian of a person, that is, between the eyebrows.

For example, Erlang, the God of War in the Taoist sect, has the eyes of heaven.

The eye of the sky is not a supernatural power that every Taoist practitioner possesses, it needs to meet some special conditions. The formation of the eye of the sky is closely related to the cultivation method, the strength of the mind, the special blood, and the talent of the spiritual root. However, it is not known what specific conditions are met to open the eyes of the sky.

The eye of the sky is a supernatural power that is beyond reach!

The functions of Tianyantong are divided into internal vision, subtlety, perspective, remote viewing, and breaking obstacles. All kinds of supernatural powers like this are called celestial eye powers.

In fact, during the daytime when Li Youcai was fighting with the disciples of the Taoist Academy, Chen Wenqing could tell that the disciples of the Taoist Academy had a flaw in their left leg, and that was the first clue. And Chen Wenqing swallowed so many qi-gathering pills in one breath, and with the help of the magic power of the "Shangqing Lingbao Jing", he revealed Tianyantong in one fell swoop.

Li Youcai got up early in the morning and saw Chen Wenqing's black eyes covered with blood, his expression was haggard, and his face was covered with blood. He was shocked and asked, "Senior Brother Chen, did someone plot against you last night?" ?Why didn't you say anything when you were beaten like this?

"You should have woken me up. Look, your eyebrows are cracked! It must be those two guys from the Shu Dao Academy who took revenge while we were asleep!"

"Brother, let's take revenge on them!"

Chen Wenqing heard the words, but still stood still, looked at Li Youcai with a sad face and said weakly: "Junior Brother, this was scratched by a mouse last night, and it has nothing to do with the Dao Academy."

"Mouse? What kind of mouse is so powerful that it can catch people like this? It seems that this mouse must be very fat!"

Li Youcai didn't know what he thought of, and he laughed: "There are such fat mice in Fuluyuan, which means that the food here must be good. It seems that we chose Fuluyuan correctly."

"It is indeed a very fat mouse. This mouse grinds its teeth, farts, and talks in sleep. As for the food, I don't know."

Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai were chatting casually.

At this time, the door creaked open, and a young Taoist priest walked in. He bowed to the two of them and said, "I have seen the two juniors. I am Zhang Sanjia of Fulu Taoist Academy. I am here to introduce Two junior brothers, meet with Jiaoyu and other senior brothers."

Seeing this, Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai also saluted and said, "I've met Senior Brother Zhang!"

"You two juniors don't need to be so polite. If you come to Fulu Taoist Academy, you will be a family, so get closer and closer in the future."

"Two junior brothers, please follow me!"

Chen Wenqing followed Zhang Sanjia all the way to the place where he practiced in Fulu Taoist Academy. This is the monastery room of the Fulu Taoist monastery, because Chen Wenqing has heavenly eyes, he has already seen some people sitting in the monastery room through the window lattice.

Looking at the posture of the people inside, it should be practicing drawing talismans.

As soon as he walked through the door of the monastic room, Cheng Jiaoyu had already walked out, dragging Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai to the monastery room, as if impatient.

"These two are the disciples recruited by our Fulu Dao Academy this year. I did not deceive everyone. We do have new disciples this year, so that our Fulu Dao Academy will not be closed. As long as you practice hard, our Fulu Dao Academy will Getting better and better!"

Just as Cheng Yu finished speaking, he pointed to Chen Wenqing and said, "Did you see that this is Chen Wenqing, who is already at the mid-stage of Qi Refining, and is higher than most of you! His roots and bones must be the way to cultivate talismans." Genius!"

As soon as Cheng Yu finished speaking, he walked up to Li Youcai again and said, "This one is even more powerful. His name is Li Youcai, he switched from Confucianism to Taoism, and cultivated both Confucianism and Taoism! There was a conflict. In order to maintain the reputation of our Fulu Dao Academy, Li Youcai fought a battle with two disciples of the Shu Dao Academy!"

"That battle was so dark that the sky was so dark. In the end, I defeated the two disciples of the Daoist Academy! It was also agreed to fight another three months later!"

"This is the first time in six years that my Fulu Daoist Academy is elated, and the disciples of Fulu Daoist Academy have defeated Shu Daoist Academy for the first time! These two are the heroes of our Fulu Daoist Academy. Let's give them a high-five together!"

After Cheng Yu finished speaking, there was sparse applause in the monastic room.

Chen Wenqing watched this scene with a black line appearing on his forehead, and couldn't help wondering whether he was on a pirate ship again!

"It's a pity that we were pulled over to the Fulu Academy, so it turned out to be a demonstration. Why do I feel that it is becoming more and more unreliable?" Chen Wenqing murmured.

"Woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo... I am so moved! In the battle three months later, we will still be able to beat the disciples of the Shu Dao Academy all over the place!"

"From today onwards, Shu Dao Academy is my new home, and you are my brothers and sisters of Li Youcai!"

With snot and tears, Li Youcai pulled Cheng Jiaoyu, and the two burst into tears together.

"I..."

Chen Wenqing opened his mouth, wanting to say something...but he didn't say a word.


After this bizarre farce, Chen Wenqing felt that she had somehow integrated into the Fulu Academy. Looking at the seniors beside her, Chen Wenqing felt a strange sense of belonging in her heart.

"Other Taoist monasteries have hundreds of disciples, but the Fulu Academy only has seven or eight big cats and kittens. No wonder the Fulu Academy can't continue..." Chen Wenqing felt a little helpless.

Originally thought that the seven or eight disciples in the monastery should be newly recruited this year. Who knows that this is the sum of all the disciples in the past.

In the past six years, including this time, there were only eight disciples in total. That is to say, the joining of Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai this year is the year when Fulu Taoist Academy has recruited the most disciples. There was only one in previous years, but this year a breakthrough has been achieved.

From this point of view, Fulu Daoyuan is indeed worthy of congratulations. After all, if there is a KPI review, then this year's target has been doubled.

Now, Chen Wenqing also understands why Fulu Daoyuan is so unpopular.

I learned that six years ago, Fulu Daoist Temple was the No. 1 Daoist Temple of Zixia Temple. But that year, a major event happened in Fulu Taoist Academy.

It is said that it was the head of the Fulu Dao Academy who took advantage of the unpreparedness of the temple master, not only wounded the temple master, but also secretly took away the treasure of the Fulu Dao Academy, "The Book of Clouds and Heaven".

As soon as this incident happened, a major cleansing took place in the Fulu Daoist Academy, and many teachings and disciples left the Fulu Daoist Academy one after another. The Fulu Academy lost the "Yunlu Tianshu", and since then, the Fulu Taoist Academy has no foundation for practice. Today, only some basic talisman skills are left. In this way, the Fulu Taoist Academy is not as good as every year.

As for why, back then, the head of the Fulu Dao Academy wanted to attack the temple master and steal the "Yunlu Heavenly Book". Among them, only a few people in Zixia Temple know the inside story.

Chen Wenqing was flipping through the "Detailed Explanation of Basic Talismans" in his hand at this time, but his mind was absent-minded and his mind was wandering. But Cheng Jiaoyu is still talking about the basis of talismans.

"The talisman is mainly composed of four parts, namely the head of the talisman, the feet of the talisman, the belly of the talisman, and the gallbladder."

"Talent gall. It is the soul of a talisman and the master of the talisman. Whether a talisman can fully exert its effectiveness depends to a large extent on whether there is a talisman guarding it. Book talismans are generally called entering talismans. The meaning of entering the talisman is to ask the ancestor (god) to sit in this talisman and guard the door of this talisman."

"The common talisman is the character "Gang", there is also the character "Jing", there are also the characters "horse", "hua" and so on. But what is the talisman? The talisman is composed of some secret characters .”

"In addition, the talisman foot is also called "fork talisman foot". It is used to end the talisman gall and the writing procedure of a talisman. It also plays an extremely important role."

There is a so-called "general altar style". The total talisman in the main altar style is written with gods, such as the land, the city god, the Eastern Qingdi, the southern red emperor, the western white emperor, the northern black emperor, and the red bird. General, Xuanwu General, Black Assassin General, etc."

"Before drawing talismans, you must first purify your mind—concentrate, be sincere, clear away distracting thoughts, concentrate your thoughts, and clean your body, face, hands, and mouth, and prepare fruits, rice wine, incense candles, and other sacrifices, as well as pens and inks. , cinnabar, yellow paper, etc. For these items, you must first use a magic spell to make them have divine power."

"With the essence of Tao, the simplicity of ink, and the essence of things."

It is said in "Tao Zang": "The talisman has no formal shape, and it is spirit with Qi."

Before he knew it, Cheng Jiaoyu had finished explaining the knowledge about talismans, but at this time Chen Wenqing was drowsy, until Li Youcai next to him patted Chen Wenqing's shoulder, and Chen Wenqing woke up from his trance.

"Junior Brother Li, what's wrong?" Chen Wenqing asked.

"Cheng Jiaoyu said that everyone is going to start practicing drawing symbols now! I saw that you have been in a daze, brother, so I woke you up."

It was only at this time that Chen Wenqing realized that there was already a set of utensils for drawing talismans in front of his desk, including yellow paper, brushes, cinnabar and so on.

"What talisman should I draw?" Chen Wenqing asked.

"A rain talisman."

"Senior Brother Chen, I heard that this rain praying talisman is very difficult to draw..."

Chen Wenqing stopped answering, but leaned down, and poured the power of divine thoughts into the pen, arousing the aura of heaven and earth, and the pen moved away, and a "rain prayer talisman" appeared on the yellow paper after a while.

"Look, is the rain praying talisman completed?"

Chen Wenqing handed the talisman to Li Youcai and said.

Li Youcai compared the two talismans in his hands, but he didn't see any difference.

"It seems to be done! Brother, you are really good! It seems that the talisman is not difficult."

After Li Youcai finished speaking, he said to the teaching instruction on the podium in front of him: "Daoyu, Senior Brother Chen has already drawn the rain praying talisman, please comment!"

Hearing this, Cheng Yu smiled and said, "Is the talisman so easy to draw? This is just an experience class, and the real talisman teaching has not yet begun."

Cheng Yu walked over and said, "The method of talismans requires the unity of spirit, energy and spirit, the aura around the brush, and the solidification of spiritual thoughts. There are many skills in it. If you don't understand the gist of it, the drawn talismans will be fine. It is empty and has its form, but loses its spirit.”

However, in order not to disappoint the new disciples of Fulu Taoist Academy, Cheng Yu walked over and picked up the "Rain Prayer Talisman" in Li Youcai's hand.

"This is?"

"This is the Rain Prayer Talisman!"

"This is really a rain talisman!"

"Hahaha..."

Cheng Yu looked crazy at this time, and said: "Patriarch Shenxiao, I am saved in Fulu Taoist Academy!"

"Ha ha ha ha......"


		