

If you say, who is Li Gui most afraid of seeing? Then Taoist priests and impermanence must be inescapable.

Therefore, when Bai Wuchang appeared, the orderly ghost soldiers and generals all became restless, let alone launched an attack.

The natural coercion from Bai Wuchang's body seemed to be naturally suppressed in blood, just like a mouse seeing a cat.

Bai Wuchang waved the mourning stick, and every time the stick was struck down, there was a flash of thunder, and the ghost soldiers and ghost generals were all enemies.

No matter how Pei Feibao moved the command flag, the Yin soldiers and ghost generals could not reorganize their formation. Instead, they scattered and fled like frightened birds.

"It's just a ghost soldier, do you still want to run away after seeing you, Bai Qiye?"

Bai Wuchang's figure flickered, and he immediately turned into thousands of Bai Wuchang, obviously using his supernatural powers outside his body to chase after the Yin soldiers and ghost generals.

Seeing the scene in front of him, Pei Feibao stood there in disbelief, and murmured, "Impossible! Who are you? You can actually ask the Great God of the Underworld to help you out!"

Chen Wenqing said: "The poor Taoist is Zixia Guan's little ear! Bai Qiye came to help out, naturally he can't understand your Witch Gu sect's driving ghosts and poisoning the common people."

"Hmph! Don't talk so grandly!" Pei Feibao watched Bai Wuchang's avatar chasing the ghost, and he became more courageous for a while, "You have been poisoned by my golden beetle, and now you can't arouse your spiritual power Come on!"

Chen Wenqing chuckled, "What can the poison of the golden beetle do to me?"

I saw Chen Wenqing chanting the divine mantra: "Lingbao Tianzun, comfort the body. The soul of the disciple, the five internal organs are mysterious. The green dragon and white tiger, the team battles are different. The red bird and the black martial arts, the body of the guard!"

"Urgent as a law, pardon!"

Immediately, streaks of golden light emanated from Chen Wenqing's body, sweeping away the poison of the golden beetle, obviously all the poison of the golden beetle had been cured.

Chen Wenqing said to Li Youcai who was on the side: "Junior Brother, you will be responsible for dealing with the remaining disciples of the Witch Gu Cult later. Leave Pei Wenbao to me!"

"Okay!" Li Youcai replied, "Brother, be careful!" After speaking, Li Youcai began to cast spells on the disciples of the Witch Gu Cult.

Li Youcai's cultivation of Confucianism and Taoism has greatly increased.

For a time, the awe-inspiring aura of Confucianism and Taoism churned endlessly between the heaven and the earth, forming myriad phenomena, and it was difficult for the disciples of the Wugu sect to resist.

"Confucianism - Ten Thousand Arrows!"

"Confucianism-Jin Ge Iron Horse!"

"Run method - the art of the great gang wind!"

"Spell - Flame!"

Li Youcai perfectly combined Confucianism and Taoism. Confucianism on the left and the right on the right, even by himself alone, he suppressed the disciples of the Witch Gu Cult so much that he couldn't hold his head up.

"It's up to you now!", Chen Wenqing used the sword control technique, and the Dragon Slaying Sword turned into a golden dragon and attacked Pei Feibao.

Pei Feibao retreated sharply, mobilized his mana, and chanted a mantra:

"Liujia and nine chapters, the sky is round and the earth is round. Four o'clock and five elements, the sun and the moon are the light. Yinghuo is the first to guide, to eliminate the ominous. The Big Dipper punishes and eliminates the fierceness!"

"Liujiashu-Forgiveness!"

Pei Feibao threw six round and jade-like soybeans to Chen Wenqing. There seemed to be a golden light flowing on the surface of each soybean. When he looked closely, the soybeans were engraved with fine talisman patterns.

The six soybeans changed in the wind, only to hear six sounds of "bang bang bang..." and the giant Liujia fell from the air.

There is a Jiazi symbol between the eyebrows of the headed giant, named "Jiazi Shenjun", also known as "Flying Emperor". It looks like a mouse with the head of a human being, one foot and nine feet tall, and holds two swords.

There is also Jiaxu Shenjun, nicknamed "Jielang", also known as the prison general. It has the head of a dog, a human body and a female appearance, its nature is fond of wine, and it holds a giant axe.

Then there is Jiashen Shenjun, nicknamed "Six Mansions God", also known as General Jiebao, who has the head of a monkey and is two feet and five inches long.

There is also the Jiawu God Lord, known as "General Pingshui", who has the head of a horse and the body of a human being, and is ten feet nine feet high.

There is also Jiachen Shenjun, nicknamed "General Pingman", who has a dragon head and a human body, with a height of ten feet and nine feet.

Finally, there is Jiayin Shenjun, who is called "General Six Evils", and his name is Guan Jialang. His god has a tiger head and a human body.

Seeing this, Chen Wenqing was shocked, frowned, and thought, "This is actually an authentic Taoist technique! This Pei Feibao is actually from the orthodox Taoist sect!"

Chen Wenqing put the dragon-slaying sword back into its sheath, and said: "The poor Taoist always thought that you were born in a crooked sect, but I didn't expect you to have the orthodox Taoism of the Taoist sect!"

"Report to your sect!" Chen Wenqing shouted loudly, "I, Chen Wenqing, will not kill the unknown with my sword!"

Seeing that Chen Wenqing stopped casting spells, Pei Feibao said: "Why? Could it be that you are afraid! I am afraid that there is a famous sect standing behind me, you can't afford to offend me! How about the nice-sounding demon-slaying demon? It seems that's all it is, Hahaha....."

"It's not that I'm afraid of some power behind you!" Chen Wenqing said coldly, "Your Witchcraft has done so many unconscionable things, no one will be able to protect you if you come. It's just that before I kill you, I want to know how to kill you." After killing, who should I ask for guilt!"

"People like you, who are not as good as pigs and dogs, are also qualified to practice Taoism?!" Chen Wenqing said mercilessly: "I want to know which sect is so blind that it cultivates such evil people like you!"

Pei Feibao smiled complacently, and said, "I'm not afraid to tell you! I'm a disciple of Master Dong Tianshi in Lushan Mountain, how do you know that I'm afraid now?"

"Laoshan Dong Tianshi? You are also from Laoshan?" Chen Wenqing has a deep impression of this Taoist school.

He clearly remembered that he had used the Dragon Slaying Sword in his hand to behead Dong Tianshi's mount, Anaconda, and hang it on the city gate.

Chen Wenqing knew it well, and her evaluation of Laoshan was extremely low.

"So that's the case! It seems that Laoshan has been rotten to the bone!"

Chen Wenqing stopped talking, calmed down his mind, looked at Pei Feibao coldly, and said: "A cultivator, go against the sky. Set up your heart for the world, set up your life for the people, protect the common people, and abide by the righteous way!"

"However, today there is Pei Wenbao, a disciple of Laoshan Mountain. He killed innocent people indiscriminately, harmed the people, and used people as a gu to poison the living beings!"

"Chen Wenqing adheres to the laws and decrees bestowed by the gods, and invites the gods of heaven and earth, please behead Pei Wenbao! Heaven and earth, witness together!"

As soon as Chen Wenqing finished speaking, a black order flew out of Chen Wenqing's soul, suspended in mid-air, exuding golden brilliance!

Seeing this, Pei Wenbao laughed disapprovingly, and said, "What is your sticker in the air? Don't tell me that this is a law ordinance bestowed by God?"

Pei Wenbao continued to taunt: "You are mere Jindan early stage, and you can also get the god-given magic talisman? Hahaha..."

At this time, Chen Wenqing stopped talking, but united her spirit, qi and spirit, gathered her whole body's magic power, silently recited the divine mantra, and slowly pulled out the dragon-slaying sword.

"Aura of Heaven and Earth"

"Gathering Blades"

"Wherever I Think"

"All demons are destroyed"

"The first form of the dragon-slaying swordsmanship, kill evil!"

Chen Wenqing shot with all his strength, and finally displayed the first form of the Dragon Slaying Sword Technique in the Golden Core Realm.

"Punish evil"!

at this time.

The blade of the Dragon Slaying Sword was brightly lit, and Pei Wenbao vaguely heard the roar of the Heavenly Dragon.

The sword light flashed like thunder!

"die!"

Chen Wenqing shouted loudly, and the dragon-slaying sword drew a golden light...


		