

Chen Wenqing is well aware of the importance of gambling and fighting seven days later, he can only win, not lose.

Therefore, for the past seven days, he has been practicing intensively, and he dare not slack off at all. At this time, Chen Wenqing was teaching Li Youcai the method of talismans, helping him get started with the way of talismans.

"Spell magicians are different from ordinary families. The talisman utensils used must be sacrificed and infused with aura before they can be used." Chen Wenqing said to Li Youcai in detail, "Before drawing talismans, you should first recite the Water Mantra, the Inkstone Mantra, and the Pen Mantra. Order the ink mantra, order the paper mantra, and then burn incense and pray sincerely."

"Take the majestic posture of the brush, keep your eyes open and don't look at the heart of the paper, relax your mind and body, and concentrate on the peak of the brush, and then start to recite spells and draw amulets."

Chen Wenqing revealed everything he had learned about the way of talismans in his previous life. Although the aura of the previous life had dissipated, the way of talismans was actually more systematic and complete. This is also a very important reason why Chen Wenqing far surpassed Cheng Jiaoyu's virtue in the way of talismans.

"Recite and draw talismans in one go, uninterrupted, and chaotic. Don't talk to others in the middle, and don't be distracted, otherwise the spell will not work." Chen Wenqing explained some key points in the process of drawing talismans one by one. When holding the talisman and holding it in front of the incense burner, its posture should be more majestic, to subdue the dragon and subdue the tiger, and inject the power of ghosts and gods into the talisman. When chanting the mantra, the mantra should come from the heart, not just chanting with the tongue. .”

Hearing this, Li Youcai said, "Thank you for your teaching, brother! The brother's narration is much more detailed than Cheng Jiaoyu's, and the brother has memorized these key points."

"Very good, then I will continue." Chen Wenqing continued: "Spells and spells should not be used to break the sun. The best time is when Yin and Yang are handed over. The aura is most manifested at Haishi. The base time is Ziwu Maoyou. It is not allowed to cast spells on the fourth day of the lunar calendar every year. , you should be cautious. Of course, if the spell is strong, it doesn't matter how long it takes."

It was the first time Li Youcai heard that drawing talismans had to be divided into time, so he couldn't help but nodded and said: "No wonder sometimes drawing talismans feels smoother, but sometimes drawing talismans feels very stuck, so this is the reason."

Chen Wenqing kept no secrets, and explained the way of talismans he understood and Li Youcai very carefully.

"In addition, posture is also very important when drawing talismans. The left hand seals, that is, the left index finger is curled inward, the fingertip is placed on the root of the thumb near the tiger's mouth, the thumb is pinched at the root of the ring finger, and the other three fingers are naturally straightened. On the talisman paper, the right hand is holding the pen, the spirit, strength, and eyes are completely focused between the peak of the pen and the paper."

"Wang, general, star, thunder, sun, moon, Ding, Jia, Dou, etc. are on top of ghost characters and above Shisha characters. They are used to control evil spirits and kill ghosts and eliminate disasters. Solve the disaster, the town house is safe, and treat the sick. There are also eight diagrams, big diamonds and other characters used to enter the gods in the talisman, and to ward off evil spirits and kill ghosts. There are so many characters for entering the gods, it is difficult to list them all here. .”

Chen Wenqing finally concluded: "The most important point for beginners to learn to draw and chant mantras is to be familiar with heaven, earth, sun, moon, stars, Chen, wind, cloud, thunder, rain, mountains, rivers, rivers, seas, water, and fire. Wait for the names, characters and ranks of the gods and ghost soldiers, as well as their appearance and hobbies."

"If you don't know these things, you can't get their help. You can't be proficient in the talismans you draw and the spells you recite. Because these gods, gods, etc., some of them were human beings during their lifetime, and they are all warriors who are brave and good at fighting. , They also have their own temperament and emotions like human beings, such as joy, anger, sorrow, joy, resentment, love and other seven emotions and six desires, which is particularly important."

"Junior Brother Cai, this is where all the joints of the way of practicing talismans are. As long as you practice more, you will actually find that the way of talismans is not difficult!"

"Thank you, brother, for your teaching," Li Youcai thanked, "I set a small goal for myself, and today I will succeed in cultivating this "Rain Prayer Talisman". If I fail today, I will go on a hunger strike for three days."

"Okay! Junior brother is very courageous, I believe you are absolutely fine." Chen Wenqing patted Li Youcai on the shoulder and said: "Young brother Youcai, you should continue to practice first. I need to prepare for the battle in seven days. I need to retreat for a few days. Don't call me if you have nothing else to do."

"Okay, see off Senior Brother."


Close indoors.

Chen Wenqing began to practice the Dragon Slaying Sword Technique.

In fact, this incomplete dragon-slaying swordsmanship is not complicated, there are only four styles in total, which are:

The first form: Exorcising evil mantra: Heaven and earth aura gathers on the sword body, wherever the thought goes, all demons and demons will be wiped out.

The second type: dragon slaying mantra: heaven and earth are boundless, heaven and earth borrow the law, cut out with a sword, and the real dragon will be destroyed

The third form: God-killing mantra: use the power of the six realms to instigate reincarnation, exile in the universe, and imprison in time

The fourth form: Zhu Xian Mantra: seize the good fortune of heaven and earth, compete with the sun and the moon for glory, once the sword light comes out, it can cut off the three flowers on the top of the immortal, and destroy the five qi in the chest of the god

Chen Wenqing was speechless after reading the introduction about Dragon Slaying Sword.

"This dragon-slaying swordsmanship is so powerful! Just the first half of the fragmented scroll can kill evil, slay dragons, kill gods, and kill immortals. According to the introduction of this dragon-slaying swordsmanship, once it is cultivated, it will become one of the most famous in the world. , an invincible existence!"

When Chen Wenqing saw such an arrogant and domineering introduction to the exercises, she felt a little uncertain. At this moment, she couldn't help but doubt the authenticity of the exercises.

"No one has successfully practiced it for five hundred years. It seems that this dragon-slaying sword technique is not so easy to practice."

Chen Wenqing kept the dragon-slaying sword aside, picked up the dragon-slaying sword and drew it out.

The Dragon Slaying Sword is a golden sword with a whole body. The body of the sword is like a dragon, and the blade is as cold as autumn water. The roar of the true dragon.

"I don't know the grade of this dragon-slaying sword?" Chen Wenqing thought about it, thinking that Li Youcai's strength was far superior to that of his Flood Dragon Sword. In this regard, one should also be able to see the extraordinaryness of the Dragon Slaying Sword.

"This may have surpassed ordinary magic weapons and treasures, and may have reached the level of Dao weapons."

Chen Wenqing put down the Dragon Slaying Sword, picked up the Dragon Slaying Sword and looked at it.

"Don't think about it so much for now. Since I have chosen the dragon-slaying sword technique, I will practice it first. If it really doesn't work, I will make plans later."

Chen Wenqing no longer hesitated, and decided to start practicing the first form of the Dragon Slaying Sword Technique.

The time of retreat practice always passes quickly. Chen Wenqing basically spends his time in the retreat room practicing the dragon-slaying sword technique during the day, and spends his night time practicing the "Shangqing Lingbao Sutra", the golden light mantra, and talismans way.

After so many days of practice, although Chen Wenqing's realm of cultivation has not been improved, she has become more comfortable with the movement of talismans, golden light mantras, and mana.

Chen Wenqing had just finished practicing the first move of the Dragon Slaying Sword. She was sweating profusely at this moment, her body was filled with aura, she was panting from exhaustion, and felt sore and swollen all over.

"This dragon-slaying sword technique is really difficult to practice. It took seven days to even get started. Even so, in the process of cultivation, it is obvious that my strength and agility have greatly increased. No gains. Maybe it’s because of my inappropriate practice.”

"Although the realm of cultivation has not been broken through, the Golden Light Magic has been fortunate enough to break through to the second level, and it can already be used as an attack method, not just for self-defense."

With a thought, Chen Wenqing chanted a mantra, and drew a talisman out of thin air with Qi control, and soon a blue talisman formed in the air, and a thunder light flickered on the blue talisman.

"Although, because the current skill is not enough, I can't draw the Talisman of the Five Thunders Righteousness."

"However, this palm thunder talisman should be able to deal with the current situation!"

With a wave of Chen Wenqing's sword, the thunder talisman in his palm flashed towards the ground, making a deafening thunderous sound.

"boom!"

A pothole the size of a washbasin appeared on the ground of the bluestone, and even the walls were covered with cracks!


		