

If one were to say who is the busiest god in the Three Realms, it must be Black and White Impermanence.

Although Bai Qiye and Hei Baye have tens of thousands of clones, there are so many ghosts in the world. Even if there are thousands of clones, they will never be able to catch the endless ghosts.

If there are model workers in this world, then Qi Ye and Ba Ye must be high on the list. The so-called ninety-nine-six in the previous life, compared with the black and white impermanence to hunt ghosts day and night, is simply weak.

As the two strongest wage earners in the underworld, Black and White Impermanence has always been active on the front line, and they don't have much time to practice at all, and their own strength has not improved much for tens of thousands of years.

Therefore, the Yinming grass presented by Chen Wenqing was indeed useful to Bai Qiye, and Bai Qiye did not refuse, but accepted it frankly.

at this time.

Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai have already recovered their spiritual power, and their bodies are in the best condition. It is time to deal with the Witch Gu Cult.

The so-called gentleman's revenge, from morning till night.

Chen Wenqing also hoped that the life-and-death enmity between Chen Wenqing and the Witch Gu Sect would end as soon as possible. He now understands where his path of cultivation is, and he needs to end this matter as soon as possible.

"Brother, how is your recovery?"

Chen Wenqing chuckled and asked Li Youcai: "If you've recovered, why don't we go directly to the Witch Gu Cult!"

Li Youcai smiled, with a sly look in his eyes, and said: "Brother, I have recovered everything. Moreover, it seems that I accidentally broke through to the early stage of Jindan, and now we are finally in the same realm..."

"what?!"

Chen Wenqing was shocked when he heard the words, he knew how difficult it was for him to break through to the Golden Core.

Chen Wenqing failed to break through even after spending a lot of cultivation resources such as pills, natural materials and earth treasures. It wasn't until he exhausted all the incense and vows in the mountain god's decree and the river god's spirit that he barely broke through to the early stage of Jindan.

Compared with Chen Wenqing, Li Youcai did not have the top-quality cultivation methods such as Chen Wenqing's "Shangqing Lingbao Zhenjing", nor did he have the existence of divine laws and decrees, and he did not have the decree of the mountain god and the decree of the river god. .

From this point of view, it can only be said that the miscellaneous spirit roots of the five elements are really useless. While Li Youcai's breakthrough made Chen Wenqing very happy, it also increased the sense of urgency, and it became more urgent to find the five elements of heaven and earth treasures.

"Congratulations, Junior Brother!" Chen Wenqing congratulated Li Youcai.

"My junior brother can make a breakthrough in this critical period, God helped me! In this way, we will be more confident in dealing with the leader of the Witch Gu Sect."

Li Youcai chuckled, and said, "Thank you, senior brother! Brother Lao Lao gave me the opportunity to make a breakthrough so quickly."

"It's not too late. Let's go straight to Huanglong. Today, you and my brother will join hands and we will wipe out the Witch Gu Cult."


Ou Xiefeng, the leader of the Witch Gu Sect, has been in the Black Iron Mountain Forest for many years since he founded the Witch Gu Sect.

Although, the Witch Gu Sect is just a small sect that is not popular. But in the past few decades, there has never been such a thing that makes him aggrieved and angry.

Two days passed.

The only remaining female ghost in red from the Witch Cult also disappeared, let alone inquiring about Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai.

Now the Witch Gu sect is up and down, only the leader Ou Xiefeng is left alone on the leader's seat.

Since then, Ou Xiefeng has truly become a loner.

"Da da da..."

"Da da da..."

"Da da da..."

Three footsteps came from the front hall of the Wugu Cult, breaking the silence of the Wugu Cult.

Chen Wenqing and others stepped on the ground paved with bluestone slabs, walked straight in from the gate, and came to the main hall.

Ou Xiefeng sat on the leader's seat, looked down at Chen Wenqing and the others, and said, "You guys are so courageous! The old man hasn't gone looking for you yet, but you yourself came here to die!"

Li Youcai had just broken through to the early stage of the golden core at this time, and it was the time when the spring breeze was triumphant. He said disdainfully: "Witches and Gus do things that harm the heavens and principles, and everyone will punish them! Now you, the Witches and Gus, are left alone like you. We have nothing to fear."

After finishing speaking, he showed a disdainful expression.

Ou Xiefeng was about to burst into anger, but now he heard Li Youcai's sarcasm, he couldn't hold back anymore, he clapped his hands on the seat, and flew towards Li Youcai.

Fast as lightning!

"Die!"

Ou Xiefeng let out an angry roar, stretched out his skinny hands, and grabbed Li Youcai directly, black air billowed between his hands, and countless ghosts were faintly howling in the black air.

"Ghost Claw!"

Seeing this, Li Youcai retreated quickly, threw three yellow talismans, turned into three flaming swords, and slashed at the opponent.

"Fire Sword Talisman, go!"

The ghost claws collided with the three fire swords, and the fire swords were easily torn apart by the ghost claws, turning into residual talismans and falling down.

"That's it?" Ou Xiefeng sneered, "Can this little trick destroy my Witch Cult?"

Li Youcai no longer hides his clumsiness, and uses all his strength to release the most adept Great Gang Wind Technique.

Immediately, gusts of wind blew up in the hall, cutting the hall into pieces like sword blades.

"That's what makes it interesting!"

Ou Xiefeng smiled ferociously, and said, "But if you only want to defeat me with this, it's too far away!"

"Secret Technique - Night Walk of Hundred Ghosts!"

Ou Fengxie chanted a mantra, and made seals with both hands: "You confess to Baichen, the soul-suppressing white, allow me to be your blessing, lead the lamp to return home, fear the power of the gods, and be sincere and fearful. Hundred ghosts walk at night-forgive me!"

Clouds of black air escaped from Ou Xiefeng's body, soon filling the entire lobby, and the wailing of countless ghosts appeared in the black air.

"You tore them apart! I want their spirits to light sky lanterns and pay homage to the people of my Witch Cult!"

Countless ghosts emerged from the black air, and flew towards Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai...

Chen Wenqing's face sank like water, seals were formed in his hands, and he chanted a divine mantra: "At the gate of Tianfeng, the great immortal descends the demons, destroys the demons and destroys the evil, the eagle and the dog take the lead, the two generals hear the summons, stand in front of the altar, follow the law and Taoism, and the emperor proclaims the gods, Demons and demons, all demons and ghosts, no cover for the battle, the supreme holy power, mighty and boundless, urgently follow the Northern Emperor's law! Xuanwu exorcising evil spell, pardon!"

Chen Wenqing released a golden light all over his body, and in the golden light, two generals, a snake and a tortoise, waved their swords to kill the ghost.

Ou Xiefeng saw the source of the Daoism used by Chen Wenqing, and said coldly: "I said, how dare you dare to provoke this old man? It turned out to be from the direct lineage of the Daoist sect."

"But what about the direct inheritance of the Taoist sect? If you dare to kill people from my Witch Gu sect, then none of you will leave today, and you will all die!"

Ou Xiefeng was billowing with boundless black energy all over his body, he looked like a madman, and laughed loudly: "Two juniors who don't know the heights of heaven and earth, dare to compete with the ancestors at the early stage of Jindan! Next, I will let you see the ancestors. True strength!"

Ou Xiefeng roared: "The demons are dancing!"

immediately.

Li Youcai and Xiao Huihui felt at the same time that the hall was like falling into an extremely cold hell, the cold breath penetrated into the bone marrow, and even the mana in the whole body became stagnant, as if everything in the world was about to be frozen.

In the black air, countless powerful ghosts wailed, stinging their souls.

"Brother, help!" Li Youcai shouted for help.

Chen Wenqing meditated on the "Shangqing Lingbao Manual", and the spiritual energy in her body resumed, and she said: "That's all! Let me break your spell!"

Chen Wenqing used all her mana and chanted the mantra urgently:

"Lingbao Tianzun, comfort the figure."

"The soul of the disciple, the five internal organs are mysterious."

"Blue dragons and white tigers, the teams are divided."

"Suzaku Xuanwu, the figure of a guard."

"Lingbao Tianzun, hurry like a law! Forgive me!"


		