

"Boy, don't eat a toast and eat fine wine!"

The orange cat spit out human words, let out a low growl, and grabbed Chen Wenqing. The cat's claws protruded for more than three inches, braving a black cold light.

"when"

"when"

"when"


After the old woman turned into a real orange cat, her speed increased greatly, and Chen Wenqing had no time to resist. Even though the sky eye could see the trajectory of the cat demon clearly, her body couldn't react at all, so she could only be beaten passively.

"How long did you block it?" The cat demon let out a sharp cry, and the black light flashed on the cat's paws, and it kept accumulating power, obviously intending to launch a big move.

Seeing this, Chen Wenqing was in a bad mood, quickly formed a seal in her hand, and shouted loudly: "The seal of fire hell!"

"The fire is raging and the wind is galloping, turning into a prison yard. Snakes and tortoises run away, and lightning strikes lightning. The sky is dark and the sky is dark, and the universe changes. The sky is surrounded by nets, and swords and halberds are everywhere. Receive Tianxian. The division of thunder and fire, Senlie Tunlian. Marshal Tianpeng, hurry like a law!"

Chen Wenqing's handprint combined with mantras, and the river god seal to communicate with the canopy marshal, can mobilize the canopy marshal's supernatural powers, and the "fire prison seal" is one of the canopy marshal's fire magic powers.

Marshal Tianpeng is the head of the "Four Saints of the North Pole". He manages the gods of water systems in the sky and underground, and is the governor of the entire water army.

Chen Wenqing also used the River God Seal as the basis to mobilize a trace of Marshal Canopy's power.

The "Fire Prison Seal" is very suitable for dealing with evil spirits, and it carries the caster's spiritual thoughts, so the "Fire Prison Seal" can be seen wherever the "Fire Prison Seal" goes. At this time, it is very suitable to deal with the extremely fast cat demon.

The "Fire Prison Seal" seemed to have eyes, no matter how the cat demon fled, he couldn't dodge it, and was finally caught up by Chen Wenqing's "Fire Prison Seal".

The "Fire Hell Seal" emitted azure blue fire light, and the cat demon burned like hot oil.

The fierce fire emitted from the "Fire Prison Seal" is azure blue, but it is not "ordinary fire", but "two ignorant real fire".

There are three real fires in total, and the three real fires are also known as the three sacred fires.

"First, the heart is the king fire, also known as the god fire, and its name is Shangmei."

"Secondly, the kidney is subject to the fire, also known as the essence fire, and its name is Zhongmei."

"Thirdly, the person who descends into the sea is Minhuo, and his name is Xiamei."

This samadhi real fire is not like ordinary fire, it is sprayed out from the eyes, nose, and mouth, it is essence, qi and spirit refined into samadhi.

Even if the "Fire Hell Seal" used by Chen Wenqing is just a duality real fire, it is not something ordinary monsters can bear.

"Ah...it hurts! What kind of fire is this, why can't it be extinguished?"

The cat demon got into the water of Yandang Lake, trying to use the water of Yandang Lake to extinguish the flames, but found that it was useless. Under the infiltration of the lake water, the two-sided real fire became more and more intense.

However, how can ordinary water quench the divine fire?

"Don't do any more fearless struggles! If you get caught in the flames of ambiguity, there is only one final result, and that is death!"

Chen Wenqing no longer cared about the cat demon, but vigilantly put all his attention on the monk and Taoist priest in front of him.

"My Buddha is merciful! The poor monk really didn't expect that a mere path could display the supernatural power of "Two Confused True Fire"! Li Niang was also careless this time, but she was pecked by geese all year round!"

The monk looked at Chen Wenqing seriously at this moment, and put away his contempt.

At this time, the moaning of the cat demon became smaller and smaller, and finally the blue flame went out. But the cat demon has turned into dust and sank in the lake.

"escape!"

Chen Wenqing's heart moved, and she quickly flew towards the lake.

"Amitabha!" The monk proclaimed the Buddha's name, stretched out his right hand and grabbed Chen Wenqing.

"Buddhist kingdom in the palm of your hand!"

Chen Wenqing turned around, only to see a giant palm covering the sky and covering the sun towards Chen Wenqing, trying to trap him in the palm.

"Delusion!" Chen Wenqing yelled loudly, pinched the magic formula with his hand, and hit the "Fire Prison Seal".

The "Fire Prison Seal" spread out and turned into a group of azure blue firebirds, blazing towards the giant palm with raging flames.

"Little Taoist priest, you are still too naive! You think that only your Taoist school has real flames, so don't we have Buddhist flames?" The monk said softly with a smile on his face.

"My Buddha is merciful, and he also has the means to subdue demons!" The monk recited the scriptures in a low voice, and golden flames burst out from the entire "Buddha Kingdom in the Hand", fighting with the blue firebird.

"Buddha's wrath and golden flames are ignoring you, let's see who can win!" The golden giant palm was burning with Buddha fire, and the azure blue fire bird could no longer stop the giant palm. Chen Wenqing was about to be crushed and exploded.

Chen Wenqing was shocked, cold sweat broke out on his forehead, watching the huge palm descending in the air, it brought a huge sense of oppression.

Chen Wenqing operated the "Shangqing Lingbao Scripture" to the extreme, fully urged the light in the eyes of the eyebrows and the sky, and let out a long cry: "Fix the body, pardon me!"

I saw a ray of divine light shot out from the center of the brow and the sky eye, and combined with the fixation technique, the giant palm could be held for a breath.

One breath can do many things for a spiritual practitioner.

At this time, this short breath time was just enough for Chen Wenqing to escape from the "Buddhist Kingdom in the Hand".

Chen Wenqing and the monk were separated by more than a hundred feet, staring at the monk's every move intently, not daring to relax his vigilance at all, and secretly circulated the magic power of his whole body, preparing to cast the strongest blow among the spells currently mastered.

"Lightning Mother Thunder God, quick descending supernatural powers, follow me to eliminate disasters, boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom

Chen Wenqing drew a talisman in the void, using aura to guide the power of thunder and lightning between heaven and earth, and poured all his own mana into this thunder method.

The sound of thunder resounded in Yandang Lake, and a wrist-thick thunderbolt lit up from Chen Wenqing's palm, shining with frightening heavenly power.

"Monk, take a slap in the palm of your hand!"

Chen Wenqing controlled the thunder and lightning, descending from the sky and hitting the giant palm with all his strength!

The divine power of the Buddha Kingdom in the palm burning with the golden flame of Buddha's anger collided with Chen Wenqing's palm lightning, emitting a dazzling golden light like thunder from heaven colliding with fire on the ground.

"Zilla!"

"boom!"

The roar of thunder and the explosion of flame merged together. After a stalemate for a while, Chen Wenqing was slapped ten feet away by the giant palm, vomited blood in the air, and fell into the Yandang Lake without a trace!

Seeing this, the monk showed a relaxed expression on his face, smiled and said: "I, Buddha, is merciful, and I will cross you into the sea of ​​suffering! Xiaodao overestimates his strength, and if he competes with the Buddha, he should have this catastrophe!"

The monk stood in the sky in Yandang Lake, waiting for Chen Wenqing's body to surface. However, after more than a dozen breaths passed, there was still no sign of Chen Wenqing, and the monk couldn't help feeling impatient.

"Sir Qidu, why hasn't the little Taoist floated up? He won't be able to escape from the bottom of the water, right?" The Taoist saw that the lake had gradually calmed down, but his heart became restless.

The monk known as Qidu said: "The small road is just a foundation building, and I have received the divine power of the Buddha Kingdom in the palm of the poor monk who blessed the golden flame of Buddha's anger. How can I not die?! Stay calm and wait for a corpse. It floated up. Perhaps, it was because the poor monk's supernatural power was too powerful, and he slapped his palm into the lake water, sinking too deep."

Time passed slowly, until it was nearly a cup of tea, but Chen Wenqing was still nowhere to be seen.

The faces of the two have become increasingly ugly, and it is difficult to hide their anger.

"That's unreasonable! Didn't you say that the little Taoist priest was hit by you and was dead?" The Taoist priest was furious, pointing to Qidu and said: "Now the little Taoist priest has obviously escaped from the bottom of the lake, what should we do next? If it is true The little Taoist priest escaped, so the two of us will wait to collect the corpse! We absolutely cannot bear the anger of that person."

Monk Qidu heard the words, and it was difficult to maintain a calm expression at this time, and said: "Amitabha, this son must be seriously injured if he is hit by me. Even if he escapes from the bottom of the lake for a while, he will not be far away! We can follow the clues and quickly Find him and kill him on the spot!"

"Okay! It's not too late. Let's divide into two groups. The poor Taoist pursues from the water, and the monk, you look for it from the lake..." The Taoist made a trick to avoid the water, and fell headlong into the Yandang Lake.

At this time, Qidu Daoist stepped on the void and sat down in mid-air. I saw him reciting scriptures by mouth, his earlobes gradually grew longer and bigger until his shoulders dropped, and he listened to the voices from all things in Yandang Lake.

"Amitabha! You can't escape!"

"Tian Er supernatural power, open!"


		