

The "Demon Calling Banner" has been destroyed.

The monster receded like a tide, and under the threat of Chen Wenqing, it scattered and fled in all directions. If it ran slower, the monster wished to have two more legs.

"call…"

A smile appeared on Chen Wenqing's handsome and beautiful face, and he breathed a sigh of relief when he saw the fleeing monster in a panic.

"Hahaha, we won!"

"Monsters, don't run away, keep coming..."

"Hahaha, have fun!"


Everyone's minds were completely relaxed, and they all let out heroic laughter.

Chen Wenqing walked slowly in front of the crowd, "Is it okay to teach you? Wenqing has caused you trouble!" Chen Wenqing said, cupping her hands.

The smile on Cheng Jiaoyu's face remained undiminished, he gently lifted Chen Wenqing up, and looked up and down carefully at Chen Wenqing, with a look of satisfaction in his eyes.

"Okay, great!"

Cheng Jiaoyu laughed loudly, patted Chen Wenqing on the shoulder, and said earnestly, "I thought I could still be your wing, but I didn't expect you to be able to be your own so soon..."

Chen Wenqing also smiled when he heard the words, and said: "The teachings are too serious. Wenqing is just a fledgling, and he is far from a real monk."

Cheng Jiaoyu nodded, only by not being arrogant or impetuous can one go further

Cheng Jiaoyu looked around and saw monsters piled up like a mountain, but there were quite a few disciples from the Fulu Taoist Academy, and they were all here, so he couldn't help being proud.

"Walk!"

"Let's go home!"


In the second round of the Outer Sect Grand Competition, Fulu Taoist Academy won the final victory.

In this regard, no one doubts the entire Zixia Temple.

because.

The monsters on the first and second floors of the Town Demon Tower have been slaughtered by the Fulu Taoist Temple.

The scene of the mountain of corpses and the sea of ​​blood, the other Taoist disciples who have entered it so far, feel lingering fear.

"None of the people in the Fulu Daoist Academy is good. Did I offend them too hard before?"

"Yeah, they all look so honest and easy to bully at Fulu Taoist Academy, I didn't expect that they are a bunch of ruthless people..."

"Hide away from now on, don't provoke me easily..."


After this battle, Fulu Taoist Academy stood up completely.

In a short period of time, a phenomenon appeared at the outer gate of Zixia Temple, that is, the discoloration of the Tan Talisman.

No matter what, the Fulu Taoist Academy has become the number one outside sect from the bottom one in previous years.

This is the first time in six years that Fulu Daoist Academy has achieved such a result.

but.

At this time, the mood of the people in Fulu Taoist Academy has become very peaceful, and they no longer have the strong desire to win or lose.

After a few days, the limelight faded away.

Everything became calm again.

Chen Wenqing was physically and mentally exhausted after many battles, so he just took this opportunity to take a good rest.

until today.

Chen Wenqing looked at Senior Brother Liu Xiu drinking with his head up, leisurely, and then suddenly remembered that he owed some old man a good meal.

"Oops!"

Chen Wenqing patted her head, maybe the past few days were so comfortable that she forgot about the old man.

Chen Wenqing has always wanted to ask the old man, what happened to him at Yandang Lake?

Think about it.

Chen Wenqing snatched Liu Xiu's wine gourd, smelled the scent of wine coming out of the mouth of the gourd, and said, "Senior brother, do you still have this kind of wine? Lend me a few jugs, and I will return you a jug of fine wine someday!" "

Liu Xiu curled her lips and said, "Junior brother, what's your plan? I'll lend you a few jugs of wine, and you'll return me a jug in the end?"

Chen Wenqing frowned and said, "Brother, please trust me. I need your wine as an introduction to brew a kind of divine wine. Once this wine is brewed, there will be no wine in the world!"


At that time, you will find that a hundred jugs of wine are no match for one jug of mine..."

Seeing Chen Wen, Liu Xiu made an oath, so he dubiously handed over the fine wine he had collected.

Chen Wenqing took the wine gourd handed over by Liu Xiu, was overjoyed, and ran towards the kitchen quickly...

Yandang Lake.

Chen Wenqing was bathing in the setting sun, and with two wine gourds on her waist, she swayed towards the pavilion in the center of Yandang Lake step by step.

only.

In the pavilion in the center of Yandang Lake, the figure of the old man has disappeared.

"Old man, are you not here today?"

Chen Wenqing looked at the misty lake, leaned on the railing alone, and sat down.

"It's such a good wine, it's a pity... old man, it has nothing to do with it..."

Chen Wenqing took off the gourd wrapped around his waist, and opened the mouth of the wine gourd.

Immediately, wisps of wine fragrance came out, permeating the entire Yandang Lake...

"Good wine..."

Chen Wenqing raised his head and took a sip of the wine, the rich aroma of the wine filled his mouth.

He took small sips and took advantage of the scenery of the lake and mountains and the afterglow of the setting sun, feeling very comfortable.

"Boy, hurry up and shut up!"

"let me!"

A shout came from the lakeside...

Looking around, Chen Wenqing saw the little old man jogging all the way from the lakeside to the lakeside pavilion.

"Boy... huh... give me your jug ​​of wine..."

Panting for breath, the little old man supported his back, pointed at the wine gourd in Chen Wenqing's hand with one hand, and said bluntly.

Chen Wenqing shook the wine gourd in his hand, a lot of wine splashed out, and a strong aroma of wine floated into the air from the gourd!

"How about it, old man, I didn't lie to you, did I? Just my wine is rare in the world!"

Seeing this, the old man moved forward quickly, snatched the wine gourd from Chen Wenqing's hand, and held it in his arms.

"Boy... such a good wine, you just ruined it like this?"

The little old man was furious.

"Don't worry, don't worry..." Chen Wenqing waved his hand, "I promised you these two jugs of fine wine. Now, it's time to fulfill my promise."

Hearing this, the little old man turned even more angry on his already angry face, and said, "Little bastard, are you so brave to say that? Old man, I have been waiting here for you for more than 20 days for your two jugs of fine wine. "

Chen Wenqing quickly explained: "Because of the Zongmen Grand Competition, the old man Haihan Haihan is here for the delay!"

Unexpectedly, the little old man was even more disdainful when he heard the words, and said: "Boy, do you still want to deceive me?"

"Don't think that the little old man doesn't know, the second trial is over long ago. Just like this, you still want to lie to me? Tell me quickly, have you forgotten the agreement between us? Tell the truth!"

The old man pointed out Chen Wenqing's flaws mercilessly, and Chen Wenqing felt embarrassed for a while.

"This little old man knows a lot..."

"Next, how should I fool him?"

Chen Wenqing licked her face and said, "Old man, I know I was wrong! How about you try the bunch of flowers and wine I brought you first?"

Chen Wenqing didn't bother anymore, and handed another jug ​​of wine wrapped around her waist to the old man.

The little old man had already been seduced by the fine wine Chen Wenqing sent, and he was so absorbed in the wine that he had no time to haggle over every detail with Chen Wenqing.

The little old man raised his head and drank it in a big gulp, feeling the strong aroma of fine wine in his mouth, but he was choked by the pungent taste of the fine wine and burst into tears.

"Cough cough cough..."

The little old man coughed violently, his face flushed from choking.

"Slow down, this is all yours. If it's not enough, I'll make it for you!"

Chen Wenqing patted the little old man's back with one hand, and said calmly.

"What? You still have it?"

It's hard for the little old man

He stopped coughing, but got excited again because of Chen Wenqing's words.

"It really is good wine..."

The little old man sighed: "After drinking this wine, if you drink other wine in the future, it will be tasteless."

Chen Wenqing smiled and said, "As long as you tell me, why did I faint here that day? Why was my whole body full of spiritual power? As long as you tell me, then I will take care of all the wine you want to drink in the future." gone."

Hearing this, the little old man took another big gulp, patted the wine gourd on his waist, and said, "Don't look at the aroma of my wine, it can't compare to yours. But when it comes to spiritual power, you are a hundred times inferior to my thousand-brewed spirit wine. "

"I don't take advantage of you either." The little old man raised his head and said, "What about the little old man exchanging a pot of Qianlianling wine for a pot of fine wine?"

"Thousand refined spirit wine?"

Chen Wenqing came back to her senses and said, "Old man, you mean that last time I drank your wine, which almost made me the first person to be supported to death by spiritual energy?"

Hearing this, the little old man in front of him was so angry that he blew his beard and stared, and said, "What? You drank the old man's wine and made a lot of money, and you still got a bargain there to act like a good boy."

Unexpectedly, when Chen Wenqing heard this, she hugged the little old man and said, "Master! How much spirit wine do you have left? I want it all, and I'll exchange it with you!"

joke!

A few sips of spirit wine can solve Chen Wenqing's lack of spirit energy.

If there was a large supply of spirit wine, he wouldn't need to work hard to find a way to solve his problem of five elements miscellaneous spirit roots.

At that time, all you need to do is "ton ton ton" to drink spirit wine.

"Now you know how powerful the little old man's Thousand Refining Spirit Wine is?"

The little old man raised his head and took a sip of the fine wine, pouted, and said, "What a pity!"

"Originally, the old man still has six pots of Qianlianlingjiu. Who told you to let the old man dove, and made the old man wait for so many days."

"It's all right now, there's only one pot of Qianlianlingjiu left to drink..."


		