

Ji Qiu's body was full of divine light, like a scorching sun, he couldn't look directly at it.

"Is this the God-inviting spell that the teaching said?"

Facing Ji Qiu at this moment, Li Youcai seemed to be facing a god, which made people fearful and invincible!

"Invoking God Art", also known as "Fushi Art", this art is similar to "Summoning Art". By sacrificing one's own spiritual power, it can be used to summon and invite immortals, Buddhas and gods to fight with gods.

In fact, the "Inviting God Art" summons and invites not only various "immortals, Buddhas and gods", but also many "demons and ghosts" that exist in "negative images".

Therefore, "invoking the gods" mostly belongs to heretics or the possession of low-level ghosts and gods who have not attained the Tao. These low-level ghosts and gods pretend to be certain gods in order to pray for incense and blood (pigs, cattle, chickens, ducks, and fish) sacrifices.

For example, the possessed god often calls himself "Xuantian God" or "Guan Sheng Di Jun". And some women call themselves "Guanyin Buddha" or "Holy Mother of Heaven", and some even call themselves "Queen Mother", "Golden Mother" or "Jade Emperor God" possessed to "do things" for others.

Because low-level ghosts and gods also have certain supernatural powers. If they have practiced in the yang world, or have taken immortal prescriptions and medicines, they will have greater supernatural powers.

Because they have been attached to the idols for a long time and received incense and worship, their supernatural powers have increased day by day, so they know a lot of things in the world.

However, after all, they are not Taoist gods, so they also have life and death, and they also have the troubles of greed, hatred and ignorance, and they need to absorb the blessings of those who invite gods as a price.

Therefore, "invoking the gods" is not worthy of worship, let alone conversion.

"Bastard! How dare you blaspheme God?"

"Giant Spirit God" let out a loud shout.

"Blasphemy?"

Li Youcai sneered and said, "The channel between heaven and earth has been closed long ago, and the incense and merit have been cut off. Which god are you?"

"Bold!"

The giant spirit god showed an angry look, "Little mortal, I don't know what to say!"

"Today, I will let you know the consequences of blasphemy!"

Li Youcai sneered and said, "Consequences? What are the consequences?"

"You are a wild god, you have not been granted by the heavens, and you are not recognized by the heavens and the earth. You can only live by devouring the spiritual power of the summoner when summoned by heretics in the world, or entrusted in the wild temples of mountain villages, relying on the remaining incense and mind power to survive! "

"It makes no sense!"

Li Youcai tore off the last fig leaf of the "Giant Spirit God", and immediately became angry from embarrassment.

"court death!"

The giant spirit god's spiritual energy rolled all over his body, and his divine light suddenly appeared, just like a real god.

"Faxiang Tiandi!"

The sky and the earth changed color in the questioning field, and the billowing aura gathered to form a huge phantom of a god, which was exactly the same as the legendary giant spirit god!

I saw the phantom of the god, using a huge Xuanhua axe, dancing airtightly, like a phoenix piercing flowers, with incomparable dexterity, and killed Li Youcai.

The phantom of the god of heaven is about thirty feet high, covering the sky and the sun, and its every move is terrifying. It is difficult for people to think that it is the appearance of the mountain and wild god.

"Li Youcai offended the gods, he is doomed!"

"It's such a terrifying momentum, this ax will definitely be irresistible, and in the end there will be no bones left!"

"Is Li Youcai stupid? Not only does he offend the gods, but he even wants to challenge the majesty of the gods?"


The people present saw that Li Youcai soared into the air, stepping on the clouds, and sent out six talismans towards the phantom of the giant spirit god.

But at this time, Chen Wenqing looked at Li Youcai's figure facing God, not only was not worried at all, but a faint smile appeared on the corner of his mouth.

Cheng Jiaoyu was flustered, but seeing Chen Wenqing's face remained the same, he couldn't help but said, "Youcai is facing the enemy head-on, I'm afraid he won't be the opponent of the Giant Spirit God, right? Why don't you look worried?"

Chen Wenqing chuckled lightly and said, "Junior Brother is right! The phantom in front of me is not transformed by a giant spirit at all."

"It looks majestic, but it's actually just an embroidered pillow, vulnerable!"

"How do you know that this phantom of the Giant Spirit God is fake?"

Cheng Jiaoyu had an incredulous look on his face.

Chen Wenqing said: "Tao Zang" says: "All the gods and generals of the heavens do not possess the body of a living person. If they are attached to human language, they are definitely evil demons and heretics, and unrighteous ghosts."

He also said: "It may be called the descendant of the Supreme Reality, relying on the possessed person...so he invaded the altar for the demon of the heavenly demon, the heretics and the five great ghosts, so how can we be careless!"

at this time.

Li Youcai's six talismans turned into three hurricanes, three real fires, and smashed the oncoming phantom of the gods...

"What? Is it defeated so easily?"

Everyone in the questioning field was surprised by the scene in front of them.

They found that the so-called phantom of the gods is really a nameless, not worthy of the name, it is simply vulnerable.

"What kind of phantom of the gods, it's just a false illusion!"

Li Youcai stood in mid-air, sarcastically speaking to Ji Qiu.

"Illusion?"

Ji Qiu shook his head, "These are just appetizers!"

"Are you right? Compared with the real gods descending to earth, this divine strike technique is too far behind. However, if it's just for you, it should be more than enough!"

Ji Qiu smiled charmingly, and chanted a mantra: "Gods descended from the sky, give me a real body, burn my essence and blood, and exchange my supernatural powers!"

A blood mist spewed out from Ji Qiu's mouth and turned into a blood snake, exuding a cold air, opened its huge mouth and bit it.

Li Youcai retreated quickly, swayed a few yellow talismans, turned into balls of fire and rushed towards the blood snake.

The blood snake opened its mouth and swallowed fireballs one after another.

"what?"

Li Youcai was shocked, he didn't expect his talisman Taoism to be swallowed by the other party.

"What kind of sorcery is this? It has the power of devouring?"

Li Youcai's heart moved, and he mobilized all the spiritual power in the golden core, "Great gang wind technique!"

The huge wind tornado blew towards the blood snake like a sword, tearing the blood snake apart and turning it into a cloud of blood mist.

"Hahaha…"

Ji Qiu laughed and said, "Your Great Wind Art is really good. However, it is wishful thinking to think that you can defeat me with this art!"

Ji Qiu bit his index finger and drew spells on the space with blood.

"Blood curse, sacrifice!"

I saw that the blood snakes that had dissipated between the heaven and the earth gathered together again, but because of devouring Li Youcai's Great Gang Wind Technique, the blood snakes became even bigger.

"Are you at the end of your rope now?" Seeing Li Youcai's frowning, Ji Qiu seemed to be at a loss.

"You think too much!"

Li Youcai raised his head and said, "I was just thinking, which way to kill you is more handsome!"

"Confucianism and Law, the Sword of Virtuous Righteousness!"

Li Youcai pinched the sword formula with his hand, and pointed to the sky with his left hand.

"cut!"


		