

"Wenqing, what are you talking about? Are you going to lead the mission down the mountain?"

Cheng Yu was shocked when he heard the words, and with a shaking hand, he spilled tea from the teacup, and the hot tea wet the blue-gray Taoist robe. However, Cheng Jiaoyu seemed unaware.

"Yes. Now I have mastered all the remaining talismans in the Fulu Taoist Academy, and my cultivation has also broken through to the late stage of the Qi Refining Realm. Now I have a certain amount of self-protection power."

"That being said, you've only practiced for half a decade. Do you want to consolidate and consolidate? And in troubled times, where evil spirits are rampant, if something goes wrong, then our Fulu Daoist..."

"I understand. But now the Qi Gathering Pill has been exhausted, and there are still two months before the appointment with the Shu Dao Academy. This battle is the battle of the Fulu Academy to rectify the name. I must win. Besides, I am not alone this time." When people go down the mountain, there will be Caihui with me, so as long as we are careful, there should be no problems."

"Then... well! Sigh... I can only blame Cheng Yu for being incompetent, and I can't get more cultivation resources for Wen Qing. Remember to be careful when you go down the mountain, but remember not to be brave when you don't do anything."

Seeing that Cheng Yu had agreed, Li Youcai showed an excited smile on his chubby face, and said, "Don't worry, Jiaoyu, I will take good care of Senior Brother Chen, and I promise to bring you back in one piece!"

Cheng Yu said seriously to Li Youcai: "Although Wenqing is young and it is the first time to go down the mountain, Wenqing is cautious by nature. If anything happens, you should listen to Wenqing's opinion."

Cheng Yu said with a solemn expression.

"Since you have already planned to go down the mountain, from that moment on, you will represent the world of Zixia Temple. Today I will bestow Taoist titles on both of you."

"Chen Wenqing!"

"The disciple is here."

"I bestow the Dao name Chunyang today, I hope you stick to your Dao heart and cherish the common people."

"Li Youcai!"

"The disciple is here."

"Today I confer the Dao name Zhengyang, I hope you will not slack off in your practice and protect Chunyang well."

"The disciple takes orders!"

Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai bowed to worship.

Cheng Yu helped the two of them up, and said: "When you two go to receive the mission, you must see clearly. Some missions seem to have no risk, but the fact may be completely beyond your ability. The evaluation of the difficulty level of the mission is quite difficult. Difficult. The disciples of the Foreign Affairs Hall can only give an evaluation of the difficulty level based on some superficial information. Therefore, many disciples never return after leaving the mission."

"If you can't do anything, you can just give up the mission and focus on protecting yourself. I hope to see you all come back in two months' time."

"In addition, Wenqing has a small matter to tell you. Just now a disciple of Law Enforcing Hall came over and said that Chen Zhi, the steward of the Miscellaneous Service Hall, died in the back mountain! Chen Zhi was disemboweled and his heart was dug out. What you did. The place where Chen Zhi died was very close to the thatched cottage you used to live in, so the law enforcement hall came to ask about your situation."

"What, Chen Zhi is dead?!" Chen Wenqing was shocked, he never thought that Chen Zhi's matter was related to the demon.

Cheng Yu looked at Chen Wenqing's surprised expression, and said, "Wenqing, don't worry, I've sent them away. The Law Enforcing Hall is just doing things as usual. These days you are practicing in the Fulu Academy, and the affairs of the Miscellaneous Hall have nothing to do with you. It's irrelevant."

"Thank you, Wen Qing, for telling me about this matter."

"Yeah. Put that aside for now. Going down the mountain is no small task. The most urgent thing is to prepare for the downhill."


The Foreign Affairs Hall is the window for the Zixia Temple to connect with the outside world. It is mainly responsible for recruiting disciples, issuing tasks, and checking tasks. The Foreign Affairs Hall is the main source of economic and cultivation resources for the Zixia Temple. It is somewhat similar to the sum of the personnel department and the business department of the previous life.

Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai came to the Foreign Affairs Hall, but they didn't expect to meet Senior Brother Zhang Qian here. Chen Wenqing stepped forward with joy in her heart, bowed her hands together, and said.

"Chen Wenqing met Senior Brother Zhang, but he didn't expect Senior Brother Zhang to be a disciple of the Foreign Affairs Hall."

"Oh, so it's Junior Brother Chen. Recruiting disciples is the responsibility of the Foreign Affairs Hall. If Junior Brother Chen doesn't cultivate well, is he coming to the Foreign Affairs Hall to receive a mission?"

"Yes. I don't know what advice Senior Brother Zhang has?"

Hearing this, Zhang Qian was surprised. He didn't expect that Chen Wenqing had only been practicing for half a month, and he was about to accept the task. Looking at Chen Wenqing's young face, he couldn't help asking: "Junior Brother Chen, receiving the task is no small matter. Have you discussed it with Jiaoyu?"

"Well, Jiaoyu has agreed. This time, Junior Brother Youcai will go down the mountain with me, so it should be safe and sound."

"You Cai? Is that the Li Youcai who defeated two disciples of the Taoist Academy with Confucianism?"

Chen Wenqing smiled, pointed to her side and said, "This is Junior Brother Li Youcai!"

Zhang Qian looked at Li Youcai's chubby figure and the corners of his eyes twitched, and he said in surprise, "It's the same as what I heard, Li Youcai's junior brother is really amazing!"

"This is Senior Brother Zhang Qian. I was able to enter the outer door smoothly thanks to Senior Brother Zhang Qian's accommodating help."

"Senior brother Zhang Qian? You are the senior brother Zhang Qian who is known as the number one outside sect?" Li Youcai exclaimed!

"It's just a false name! This matter is not worth mentioning."

"Senior Brother Zhang Qian's name is like thunder. Two years ago, Senior Brother Zhang Qian, who was a disciple of the outer sect, defeated Xu Yan, a core disciple of the inner sect. You know, Xu Yan is the third-ranked existence among the disciples of the inner sect. .”

Hearing this, Zhang Qian just waved his hands and said, "But, I'm still one step behind Wang Changjin. In the battle between me and Wang Changjin, I lost very badly!"

"Wang Changjin is the number one core disciple of the inner sect, and he has cultivated for a longer time than Senior Brother Zhang, so losing at his hands..."

"If you lose, you lose. There are not so many excuses..." Zhang Qian interrupted Li Youcai and said frankly.

Chen Youcai was puzzled, and said: "The cultivation resources of the inner sect disciples are much better than those of the outer sect. As long as senior brother Zhang is willing, he should be able to enter the inner sect at any time. With the cultivation resources of the inner sect, it should be the first time for senior brother Zhang to defeat Wang Changjin." Sooner or later, why do you have to stay at the outer door?"

"Practice is like sharpening a sword. I'd rather take it from the straight than from the curve. I have to get the resources for my own practice, and I don't need to ask Zixia to donate. What's more, the core disciples of the inner sect are too constrained, I still hope Take it easy."

After Zhang Qian finished speaking, he did not continue this topic. Instead, he smiled at Chen Wenqing and said, "Although Junior Brother Chen is at the late stage of the Qi Refining Realm, I think his foundation is extremely solid. I do have a few tasks here, which are more suitable for Junior Brother Chen. You might as well take a look at Junior Brother Chen."

Chen Wenqing took the task list handed over by Zhang Qian, and saw that there were five tasks on the list, and the task requirements were briefly explained on the list.

Task 1: Find the official seal within three days. The official seal of Liuchen County was stolen, and there was a demonic aura remaining at the scene. Risk Assessment: Low

Task 2: The ancestral grave of the royal family was broken open for no reason, and chickens and dogs within a three-mile radius were sucked into mummies. Risk Assessment: Low

Task 3: Three people died in Lijiazhuang, and the death was extremely tragic. Li Yuanwai invites experts to come to cast down demons. Risk assessment: low

Task 4: The mountain people in Wuzhaigou reported the mountain god of Wuzhaigou, saying that the mountain god oppressed the mountain people and robbed the women of the people. Risk Assessment: Medium

Task 5: The people of Poyang County reported the Poyang Hebo, the living sacrifice. Risk Assessment: Medium

Chen Wenqing carefully read the five task lists, handed them to Li Youcai, and pondered in his heart.

"These five missions are all in Jiangnan Road, not too far from Zixia Temple. If all goes well, they will be completed within two months. Among the five missions, the assessment risk level is not too high. However, the amount of information is too little , the true degree of danger is unknown.”

Zhang Qian patted Chen Wenqing on the shoulder, and said seriously: "Junior Brother Chen, it's the first time you go down the mountain to do a mission, so you have to be careful."

"From the current point of view, these five tasks are the most suitable for your current realm. But even so, you have to go to the scene to see what the real situation is. There is too little information revealed in the task list, but you can't take it lightly. You have to prepare well.”

"Monsters, ghosts, zombies, yin gods, etc. have different ways to deal with them. Remember, set off after you are fully prepared!"

Chen Wenqing had already settled down in her heart, nodded, and said, "Thank you for your guidance, brother, I have already considered it."

"These five tasks, we have taken over!"


		