

"Moyesura, the lord of the three thousand worlds, is arrogant and refuses to obey the call, so he thinks so."

"I am the Lord of the Three Realms, and whoever calls me up will do so again."

"The one who holds the light is afraid of all filth and evil. Now I have turned into all the filth and live in it all around. What can he do with the magic of the light?"

"Shi Wudong Ming Wang, under the order of Buddhism, summoned the heaven to see and do such a thing, that is, he transformed into a touched vajra, and made him catch him. At that time, the impure vajra devoured all filth without a trace."


As an archaeologist in her previous life, Chen Wenqing actually did a lot of research on Buddhism.

Therefore, he is no stranger to Fudo Ming-oh. Otherwise, he wouldn't know so many secret mantras about Fudo Myoki, and even unlocked the secrets in this statue of Fudo Myoyo.

Chen Wenqing understood that the "Fudo Ming Wang's Wrath" that appeared in his soul was definitely a true Buddhist secret.

Fudo Mingwang body is actually the incarnation of Dainichi Tathagata, also called Fudo Zun Bodhisattva.

"Moving" means that the heart of compassion is firm and unshakable.

"Ming" is the light of wisdom.

The "king" is the one who controls all phenomena.

According to the classification of the three round bodies of Esoteric Buddhism, Fudo Myoko is the wheel body of all Buddhist orders, so it is also called the king of all Ming kings and the master of the five great Ming kings.

The wrathful body that Fudo Mingwang manifested when he cast down demons is also the incarnation of the minds of the Buddhas.

Therefore, in Buddhism, not being the king of Ming Dynasty is the biggest and strongest deterrent to evil spirits. The body of King Ming changes for those beings who are stubborn, obsessed with obsession, and covered by demonic obstacles, so as to wake up all living beings and scare away the demonic barriers.

And Chen Wenqing's Soul Space's "Fudo Mingwang Fury" is actually a Buddhist secret that can be used to cultivate Fudo Mingwang Dharmakaya and Fudo Mingwang Jinyan.

"Since this monstrous monk has such a powerful Buddhist secret, why doesn't he use it? If this monstrous monk has cultivated into this "Fudo Ming Wang's Fury", then I must be the one who died today!"

Chen Wenqing flipped through "Fudo Ming Wang's Wrath" with spiritual consciousness, and felt the power of this exercise even more from it.

It can be said that "Fudo Myoko's Wrath" can be cultivated into "Fudo Myoko's Dharma" and "Fudo Myoko's Golden Flame".

Chen Wenqing was immersed in the soul space, her body and mind remained motionless.

"Since I have this opportunity, I will personally experience the power of this unique Buddhist technique."

While Chen Wenqing visualized "Fudo Ming Wang's Fury", the image of Fudo Ming Wang constantly appeared in his heart, and he began to practice.

"Whoever sees my body will generate bodhicitta."

"Those who hear my name will stop evil and practice good."

"Those who hear my Dharma will gain great wisdom."

"He who knows my heart will become a Buddha."

In the soul space.

As Chen Wenqing continued to bless and recite, a strange fragrance rose from the gray soul space, and the sound of Buddha rang around.

A multicolored Buddha's light shone, and the entire space of the soul became clear and bright, and a statue of Fudo Mingwang, which was more than a hundred feet high, became clearer and clearer, standing in the space of the soul, exuding endless majesty.

I saw that the image of King Ming Dharma is brave and majestic, and the sharp sword in his right hand represents the wisdom that can restrain the three poisons of anger, anger, and ignorance.

The rope of the left hand can bind all stubborn people, and the big flame behind it can burn away all troubles, thus expressing its mighty virtue. Wearing five petal crowns on the head means five Buddhas or five Bodhisattvas, or decorated with five skulls and immovable Buddhas, which means eliminating all evil obstacles.

There is a raging golden flame burning at the back of the head, which is a symbol of anger; the three eyes are round, and the right eye is looking up, which means that it can trap the emperor demon; the left eye is looking down, which means burning the dragon demon and Feitian; brake;

Faxiang's whole body is decorated with the eight dragon kings, except for the tiger skin skirt around the waist, the rest is exposed. The right hand holds the dragon sword aloft, and the left hand holds a long vajra rope with a hook on one end and a pestle on the other, which means that the devil is first bound by the hook and then subdued by the sword.

Chen Wenqing felt the boundless majesty from the portrait, which was daunting.

"Is this the Fudo Mingwang Dharma Aspect? If such a terrifying Dharma Aspect is truly cultivated, it will be easy to move mountains and fill seas, right?"

at this time.

A strong sense of emptiness surged towards Chen Wenqing, the Faxiang collapsed immediately, and the whole body felt endless exhaustion.

"Sure enough, this supernatural power consumes too much. With my current cultivation base, I can only maintain ten breaths at most..."

Chen Wenqing opened her eyes, feeling the empty dantian and meridians, and said with a wry smile: "It's hard for a clever woman to cook without rice! Only a quick improvement in cultivation is the right thing..."

Li Youcai laughed when he saw that Chen Wenqing was awake, and that Chen Wenqing seemed to be fighting for 300 rounds, and he was too imaginary.

"Brother, you are just practicing a Buddhist technique, how did you make yourself like this..."

"Wouldn't this be a Buddhist evil method?"

Chen Wenqing also didn't expect that he just visualized "Fudo Ming Wang's Wrath" for a short time, and even before he started this exercise, the consumption would be astonishingly large.

"This is indeed a unique Buddhist technique, called "Fudo Mingwang's Wrath". However, this unique technique requires extremely high cultivation, and the spiritual power will be exhausted in just a moment."

"If junior brother wants to practice, I can teach you after I get started..."

Hearing this, Li Youcai said with a smile, "As long as it's not an evil method, that's fine! Since I've embarked on the path of both Confucianism and Taoism, I won't change to other exercises. Brother, let's practice this exercise myself!"

Chen Wenqing was not surprised to see Li Youcai's refusal, and said: "The younger brother has a firm heart, and his future achievements are bound to be limitless."

When Li Youcai heard the words, he just smiled, but stopped talking.

Holding the spirit stone in hand, Chen Wenqing circulated the "Shangqing Lingbao Sutra", and finally regained some mana, her mind was silent on the laws and laws bestowed by the gods, calling for the impermanence of black and white.

After a while.

A gust of wind blew, black smoke rose from the ground, and Heiwuchang walked out.

"I've seen Ba Ye!" Everyone bowed to Hei Wuchang.

"You're looking for me today, what's the matter?" His tone was rather cold.

In this regard, Chen Wenqing is not surprised. Because since ancient times, Ba Ye has always shown others with ferocity and ferocity.

Chen Wenqing said: "Witchcraft, poisoning the people is an unforgivable crime; Chanyin Temple deceives the public and people's hearts with evil words, and its abbot is transformed by centipede spirits. Pindao has eradicated witchcraft and Chanyin Temple, but there is one thing I still need Eighth Master's help..."

"What's the matter? Tell me everything." Hei Wuchang was expressionless.

Chen Wenqing said: "Over the years, the Witch Gu Sect has searched for a lot of gold and silver treasures, and Pindao intends to distribute this treasure to the local people. However, Pindao has to rush back to Zixia Temple to participate in the Zongmen Grand Competition recently, and poor Heitieshan The Tao has no one to trust..."

Hei Wuchang said coldly: "It's inconvenient for people from the Yin Division to intervene in the affairs of the yang world. Maybe you can find the Heitie county government to handle this matter..."

When Chen Wenqing heard this, an unnatural expression appeared on his face.

"Eight Lord, please," Chen Wenqing cupped his hands and said, "The county magistrate of Heitie County was buried under the rubble in the battle between Pindao and Centipede Jing..."

Hei Wuchang heard the words, frowned, and said: "Heitie county magistrate is in league with evil spirits, he deserves to die! But it's difficult to deal with it like this!"

Heitie County is poor and bad, and there was no city god to govern it, and now there is no county magistrate in Yangjian. If things go on like this, sooner or later there will be problems in Heitie County.

Hei Wuchang pondered for a moment, and said: "I heard that in Poyang County, you put the City God's Office and the Heshen Temple together, and set up a division to kill demons and demons. Looking at Heqing Haiyan in Poyang County, it seems to be quite effective. How about , How about setting up a Demon Slayer Division right here?"

"In this way, it can not only ensure that evil spirits will no longer breed in Heitie County, but also allow many gold and silver treasures to be used for the people."

"There's nothing wrong with being poor in this matter," Chen Wenqing nodded, and said, "It's just that the demon slayer needs the help of trustworthy city gods and officials from the underworld..."

A smile appeared on Heiwuchang's ferocious face, and he said, "It's easy! The new county magistrate of Heitie County is about to take office, and there are already candidates for the City God."

"But..." Chen Wenqing said doubtfully, "Pindao didn't obtain any priesthood in Heitie County. The priesthood obtained by Pindao is all in Jiangnan Road. And Jiangnan Road is three thousand miles away, I'm afraid it's too far away!"

Before the two worlds of heaven and man were closed, both the mountain god and the water god were actually the lowest gods. Although as a god, he can only display his supernatural powers within the territory under his jurisdiction.

And once it exceeds the jurisdiction of the mountain god or water god, the supernatural powers bestowed by the corresponding priesthood will also disappear.

"Of course I understand this matter."

Hei Wuchang said: "So, the priesthood I bestow on you this time is not a god of heaven, but a god of yin!"

"What? Yin God?" Chen Wenqing was shocked.

"Could it be that Ba Ye wants Pindao to be the City God of Heitie County?"

Hei Wuchang looked at Chen Wenqing's surprised expression and said, "Of course!"

"Since you can be the mountain god of Fuyun Mountain and the river god of Poyang River, why can't you also be the city god of Heitie County?"

Hei Wuchang had a playful expression on his face, "Could it be that you don't like my priesthood of the underworld?"

Chen Wenqing waved his hands again and again, and said: "Under the separation between heaven and man, the positions of gods are all in name only; but the position of city god is a heavy responsibility of the underworld. Xiaodao is sincere and fearful, lest he will not be able to do it..."

"Hahaha..."

Hei Wuchang let out a loud laugh, like a night owl, which was infiltrating.

"If the city gods in the world had half your abilities, the world must have been at peace long ago!"

With Heiwuchang's palm, a pitch-black token flew towards Chen Wenqing.

"Take this order!"

"From today onwards, you are a member of my Underworld Division!"


		