

Inside the ruined temple.

The dim candlelight shimmered, and the Buddha statue on the altar had long since disappeared. Instead, there were two figures, one large and one small, sitting cross-legged opposite each other.

Above the two of them, there was an official seal floating out of thin air, and the word Liu Chen was engraved on the bottom of the official seal. At this time, streaks of purple energy continuously escaped from the official seal and flew towards a thin body.

"Grandpa, I feel so bad...Xiao Huihui, is he dying soon?"

"Nonsense, no way. Xiao Huihui has to trust Grandpa. Grandpa will definitely be able to heal your injury. You have to persevere, Xiao Huihui."

"Grandpa, don't lie to me. I heard everything you said to Aunt Huang, and even Aunt Huang said that Xiao Huihui is hopeless."

"Aunt Huang is deliberately scaring Xiao Huihui, who told Xiao Huihui to steal things from humans often. As long as Xiao Huihui behaves in the future, it will definitely get better."

"Look, this is the official seal of human beings. On this official seal, the luck of Liuchen County is gathered. As long as Xiao Huihui absorbs the luck of Liuchen County, Xiao Huihui's injury can be recovered .”

Under the dim candlelight, a white-haired back was reflected. The old man's haggard face was deeply wrinkled and thin. He was wearing a long tattered robe on his upper body, and a slender tail was dragging under the robe. At this time, the haggard man showed a warm smile and said softly.

"Grandpa, Xiao Huihui heard a lot of people coming outside. Did Aunt Huang bring friends over to see Xiao Huihui?"

"Xiao Huihui, don't move here, grandpa will go out and have a look."

The old man listened intently for a while, with a serious expression, and said: "Xiao Huihui, I'm afraid grandpa will fight with those people outside later. If grandpa loses, Xiao Huihui will run away by himself, don't worry about grandpa. .Grandpa, there will be a way to find you."

After the old man finished speaking, he walked towards the outside of the ruined temple, leaving Xiao Huihui screaming in the ruined temple: "Grandpa...Grandpa..."

Outside the ruined temple.

"My lord, the little ones have already surrounded the ruined temple, please give me your orders on what to do next!" A yamen servant raised his partner and asked the county magistrate Wang for instructions.

"Speak to the inside!"

"Humble job understands!"

After finishing speaking, he took a few yamen servants and walked towards the ruined temple, stood about ten feet away from the ruined temple, and shouted loudly: "Listen, you evildoers inside, you are already surrounded by us, and you will be arrested if you don't obey!"

"Stop shouting, the old man will come out soon..." A voice came, and gusts of wind blew up, blowing out the torch in the yamen servant's hand. At this time, a crooked figure walked out of the ruined temple.

"Bold and evil, you dare to steal the official seal of Liuchen County, are you guilty?!" The yamen servant saw the old man in front of him dragging a long tail, with a few long beards on his haggard face, sharp mouth monkey cheeks, deer-headed mouse eyes It's obvious that it's a monster.

"Officials, please calm down. Xiaosun was injured by Tianlei and was dying. As a last resort, he stole the official seal to treat his wounds. I hope the officials will forgive him a little bit."

"Bastard! Monster, are you guilty?"

"The official seal condenses the luck of the people in the entire Liuchen County, and the people of the entire Liuchen County are protected by the luck of the official seal. You steal the luck without authorization for your own selfishness. If the luck is damaged, I will leave Chen in the next year." Have you ever thought about the livelihood of the people in the county?"

"Drought, flood, locust plague, demon disaster, plague... no matter which one appears, it will be a disaster for Liuchen County!"

County magistrate Wang stepped forward, angrily angrily yelling at the evildoer in front of him.

"This old man is well aware of the seriousness of his crimes. However, Lao Xie can't think about it so much. This old man just wants to keep my little grandson safe and sound!" The old man said with a blank expression on his face, looking sideways at County Magistrate Wang.

"Since the crime is known, if you don't return the official seal, you will be arrested without a fight?"

"The officials are joking. Xiao Sun is still recovering from his injuries and is in the process of healing. How can he give up halfway?"

The county magistrate Wang's face turned frosty when he heard the words, and said: "In this case, then I will eliminate harm for the people!"

"Wind, fire, mountain, forest, form an array!"

The county magistrate Wang shouted loudly, and the servants drew out their knives one after another. They cut back and forth according to the wonderful array of directions, and approached the old man. Each blade was wrapped with a sharp blade.

"It's as swift as the wind, as slow as the forest, as aggressive as fire, as immovable as a mountain, as difficult to know as shadow, as moving as thunder."

"kill!"

Under the blessing of the "Fenghuo Forest" formation, a series of knives gathered together and turned into a huge blade, which slashed at the old man in the cold air.

Facing the cold blade, the old man stood still, but his hunched body stood up straight, and said, "For thousands of years, it has been the same old way. There is nothing new in the combined attack technique."

As soon as the words fell, the robe on the old man shattered to reveal his true colors, turning into a huge rat demon. The rat monster is about two feet tall, with cold light shining on its sharp front claws, red eyes, and its tail swinging back and forth on the ground like a steel whip, making a loud bang bang bang, which makes people feel frightened!

"But that's it!" The rat demon stretched out his front paws and pinched the blade. With a little force, the blade shattered and turned into nothingness. But at this time, all the servants vomited blood and fell to the ground as if they had been hit hard.

"It turned out to be the seventh-rank pure blood realm! No wonder you are so confident!" County magistrate Wang looked at the scene in front of him, his expression unchanged.

Monster clan practice has its own way.

It is mainly divided into four realms, namely Blood Demon Realm, Spirit Demon Realm, Great Saint Realm, and Demon Emperor Realm.

Each realm is further divided into three small realms. For example, the Blood Demon Realm has the ninth-rank Pure Blood Realm, the eighth-rank Pure Blood Realm, and the seventh-rank Blood Refining Realm.

According to the division of realms, the Pure Blood Realm is equivalent to the Foundation Establishment Realm of Taoism. It's just that the body of the monster race is inherently stronger than that of the human race, so the blood demon of the blood refining realm is actually much stronger than the foundation building realm of the human race.

"Official skills, whip into it."

Chen Wenqing saw a non-Confucian and non-Taoist aura rushing towards County Magistrate Wang, forming a giant whip in mid-air. The whip made a sonic boom and hit the mouse demon.

The rat demon raised its slender and dark front paws, which were entwined with black smoke, grabbed the giant whip, and said, "If you have an official seal on your body, you may be able to fight the old man. Now, only you With ninth-rank official skills, it is still far behind!"

After finishing speaking, the rat monster tore the giant whip into pieces with its claws, then jumped ten feet, and grabbed the county magistrate Wang.

"Monster, dare you!"

"Ding Ding... Dang Dang...."

Chen Wenqing shook the "Sanqing Bell" in his hand, and chanted a mantra: "Tao follows nature, the universe is boundless, order!"

"Sanqingling" made a crisp sound, turning into waves of sound, one wave after another, oscillating towards the rat demon.

The sound wave hit the mouse monster, forcing it to retreat, but it did not cause any harm to it.

"Oh? There are still Taoist disciples here. It seems that the officials are well prepared. However, Taoist priests in the Qi Refining Realm can't make any waves!"

"Really? Then add me? Confucianism-Jin Ge Iron Horse, swallows thousands of miles like a tiger! Kill!"

Li Youcai aroused the Confucianism in his body, turned the Confucianism into a golden iron horse, and came to kill with the sound of hunting.

"There is still Confucianism?"

The mouse demon frowned, not daring to run carelessly on the ground like the wind, dodging around, but did not confront it head-on.

"Confucianism - paint the ground as a prison!"

Li Youcai pointed at the mouse monster who was running around, and a chain of Confucianism formed towards the mouse monster, but the mouse monster moved quickly and it was difficult to be effective.

"Don't go too far, this old man has been patient again and again. If this continues, this old man will take action!" The mouse demon said viciously while running away.

After finishing speaking, the rat demon rose against the wind, more than twice as big as before, as big as a ruined temple in front of it, with fangs exposed at the corners of its mouth, shining a bloodthirsty red light.

The rat demon no longer dodged, and stood in front of everyone, with a demonic aura on his needle-like vellus, and said, "If you want to die, you can't blame me for being old!"

After finishing speaking, a puff of black smoke spewed out from the mouse demon's mouth, and in the black smoke, there were countless unjust souls rolling and surging, rushing towards Li Youcai!

Li Youcai had just finished performing Confucianism, and he hadn't recovered yet. At this time, looking at the countless grievances in the black smoke, filled with ghostly aura, and the howling wind, I couldn't help feeling a chill in my heart, and shouted loudly as if my body fell into an ice cellar.

"Brother, help!"


		