

Between electric light and flint.

A talisman exuded golden light, illuminating the dark night sky, and hit the black smoke like a meteor chasing the moon. The talisman exudes a bright and hot flame, and there is a vague spiritual light flowing.

"The essence of Yangming, the power of the gods hides the heart, captures the evil spirits, hides the human form, a magic talisman, worships the devil without a trace, dares to disobey, the heavenly soldiers ascend, order! Six Ding Liujia Punishing Evil Talisman!"

Chen Wenqing pinched the magic seal with one hand, while chanting the spell. At this time, the talisman had fallen on the black smoke, like a raging fire pouring oil, a golden flame suddenly rose and burned the black smoke.

"Good method! Where are you Taoist priest, report your name!"

The rat demon looked at the Taoist priest in front of him, but his heart was not as relaxed as before. Such a magnificent way of talisman cannot be displayed by a famous school. The mouse demon was a little apprehensive, if the little Taoist priest in front of him came from some kind of sect, it would be difficult to handle.

"Chen Wenqing, Zixia Guan, a poor Taoist priest, whose Taoist name is Chunyang."

"Zixia Temple? Isn't the way of talismans in Zixia Temple gone? What happened to the six-ding six-armor evil talisman just now? Zixia Temple still has such a powerful way of talismans?"

The rat demon was shocked when he heard the words, and seemed a little unbelievable.

"Hmph! I, Zixia, see the Dao Dharma Talisman, which is as vast as a sea of ​​smoke, and the accumulation is so deep that you, a mere rat demon, can judge it."

"Zixiaguan is just a low school. If you are from Zixiaguan, then there is nothing to be afraid of being old."

Chen Wenqing said coldly, "Since you look down on my view of Zixia and the way I view talismans. Today, I will let you open your eyes and let you know what a frog at the bottom of a well is!"

"Everyone retreat quickly, let me come to this battle!"

When everyone heard the words, they all retreated more than thirty feet away from the ruined temple, and gave up this space.

"Little Taoist priest, it seems that you are very confident. However, overconfidence may cost you your life." After the mouse monster finished speaking, it turned into a black light and charged towards Chen Wenqing. The speed of the black light was extremely fast, and he could only vaguely see his figure, but could not capture the specific location. Everyone watched this scene outside, and couldn't help worrying about it.

"Daoist Master Zhengyang, do you think that Daoist Master Chunyang can deal with this monster alone? Daoist Master Chunyang is so young, I feel a little uneasy in my heart."

Li Youcai said: "Magistrate Wang, please don't worry. Although my senior brother has not been practicing Taoism for a long time, he is unparalleled in talent. He has mastered more talismans and secret arts than teaching instructions. But I am ashamed to say that as a senior brother, I actually don't know how much my senior brother has. Is there any way to subdue demons and eliminate demons?"

As soon as the words fell, Chen Wenqing's forehead was brightly lit, and a vertical pupil emitted golden light, shining above the black light. At this time, the flying black light slowed down as if trapped in mudweed.

"Eye of the sky - the art of slowing down, forgive me!"

Chen Wenqing saw that the black light slowed down and revealed the real body of the rat demon. The silver chain in his hand disappeared in a flash, but turned into a silver rope to bind the rat demon.

"Tie the demon rope, tie it!"

I saw that the rope was tightened, and the six-foot-tall mouse monster was turned into a prototype, and it was restored to its original normal size.

As the rope continued to tighten, the rat demon struggled more and more intensely, rolling on the ground, howling in pain.

Chen Wenqing didn't dare to be careless at this time, and continuously sent spiritual power to the demon-binding rope, trying her best to maintain the state of the demon-binding rope.

"Little Taoist priest, you forced me to do this." At this moment, the mouse monster was covered with a dark light, and its shrinking body continued to expand.

"Blood-burning Dafa, the transformation of the sky demon! Ah..."

With the scream of the rat demon, the blood of the rat demon exploded, and the ropes binding the demon on its body were blown away, and a majestic demonic aura overflowed from the rat demon's body. At this moment, Chen Wenqing discovered that the sluggish momentum of the rat demon had become even more majestic. The Rat Demon, who was originally at the eighth-rank pure blood realm, unexpectedly broke through to the seventh-rank blood refinement realm temporarily.

County Magistrate Wang watched this scene from afar, and couldn't help but feel worried, and shouted loudly: "Prince Chunyang Xiaodao, don't be careful. This monster has overdrawn its vitality and used secret methods to push its cultivation to the blood refining level. If you can't handle it , just stand back and let us face it together.”

Chen Wenqing heard the words and said: "Thank you for your concern. However, the poor have another method, called the "Golden Light Curse". If you can't deal with this demon, then we will join hands together."

The rat demon seemed to have lost his mind at this time, and became extremely manic, his mouth was covered with white blood foam, he was panting heavily, his bloodthirsty red eyes stared at Chen Wenqing, and there was hatred in his eyes. look.

"I'm going to eat you!"

The mouse demon's long and sharp claws grabbed at Chen Wenqing, cutting through the air like a sword. The speed was so fast that even Tianyan could barely see the traces of the sharp claws.

"Zilla..."

With the sound of the clothes being torn, the Rat Demon's sharp claws slashed across Chen Wenqing's arm, cutting off a bloodstain, which soon stained the entire clothes red.

Drop by drop of blood fell on the ground, and soon there was a faint smell of blood.

Chen Wenqing covered her arms, stepped back half a step, her face was a little pale, and she said inwardly, "I'm careless!"

The rat demon licked the blood on his sharp claws, and said in a hoarse voice: "The blood of a cultivator is full of aura, and it really tastes the best. I haven't tasted the taste of a cultivator for a long time."

Chen Wenqing looked at the mouse demon in front of him, and the only pity left in his heart was gone. At the beginning, Chen Wenqing heard that the mouse demon treated his grandson's wounds, and he was somewhat humane. However, listening to his words at this time, it seems that many people have been harmed.

A monstrous evildoer is an unforgivable crime!

"Since this is the case, then you should accept the punishment you deserve!"

At this moment, the rat demon smiled at Bloodthirsty, as if he was missing something. The mouse demon raised a monstrous demonic aura and rushed towards Chen Wenqing.


The Golden Light Mantra is one of the Eight Great Divine Mantras of Taoism, and it is a compulsory study for beginners of Taoism. It is necessary to recite this mantra for all chanting, interpretation, altar, calligraphy, and practice.

Practicing this mantra can open up the innate qi in the body, sublimate the three treasures of energy, energy and spirit, and concentrate the mind and soul. The master of the golden light mantra is the alchemy of the golden light spirit to protect the body, subduing demons and defending the way. It is a Taoist secret mantra, a divine mantra, and the mantra hides the method of cultivation.

Or use this mantra to form the golden light taboo as a talisman, or use the hidden golden light to refine the alchemy, or enlighten the Tao and cultivate the truth, protect the god of thunder, or bless the magic weapon, etc.

at this time.

The Rat Demon's sharp claws, which were like swords and entwined with a strong demonic aura, stagnated an inch above Chen Wenqing's chest, unable to advance an inch.

Under the sharp claw, there is a thin layer of golden light separating the sharp claw, but the sharp claw is helpless, even unable to leave a trace on the golden light.

Under the golden light.

Chen Wenqing lowered her eyebrows, half opened and half closed, and muttered a mantra:

"Heaven and Earth Xuanzong, the root of ten thousand qi."

"Cultivate extensively for billions of kalpas, and prove my supernatural powers."

"Inside and outside the Three Realms, only the Tao is the only one respected."

"The body has a golden light, covering my body."

Chen Wenqing tried his best to run the "Shangqing Lingbao Manual", and the spiritual energy in the meridians in his body surged like a mountain roaring and a tsunami, and golden lights emanated from his dantian, igniting the rat demon like a flame.

"Ah..." The rat demon let out a shrill scream, which was particularly ear-piercing in the night. The black air on his body also disappeared under the burning of the flames, and soon the rat demon became weak, and his whole body was limp on the ground, unable to move.

A silver light flashed in Chen Wenqing's palm, and the demon-binding rope flew out, binding the demon rat tightly into a ball.

"What kind of magic technique is this? How could it be so terrifying!" The rat demon practiced with cold sweat on his face, feeling lingering fear, the soul-burning pain made him tremble with fear.

"This is the "Golden Light Divine Curse"!"

"The "Golden Light Curse"? I have never heard of such a magical curse. It really is an old man sitting in the sky and ignorant. I planted it in your hands today, and I am convinced."

Seeing that Chen Wenqing had subdued the demon, everyone felt relieved and came forward one after another.

"Hahaha, brother! You are so powerful that you managed to subdue him by yourself."

"It's just a fluke, not worthy of praise."

At this time, Chen Wenqing felt a dull pain in the scratched hand, and black air came out from time to time, and she even felt dizzy in her head.

The county magistrate Wang also came over at this time and said: "Monster, tell me! Where is the official seal of Liuchen County? Why is there no one in the ruined temple? What about the little grandson you are talking about?"

"Hahaha, you want to find my little grandson, don't dream!" The mouse demon was relieved to hear that the magistrate Wang didn't find his little grandson in the ruined temple.

"It's unreasonable! If you don't say anything, I will kill you!"

"The old man's life is no longer worth anything, and he did a lot of evil things to the human race in the early years. Now, to have this catastrophe, it is also a bad retribution."

Upon hearing this, the county magistrate Wang drew out the long knife in the hand of the yamen servant and pointed it at the mouse monster, saying: "In this case, I will first eliminate harm for the people!"

"Monster, die!"

Waiting for County Magistrate Wang's saber to rise, at this time Chen Wenqing finally couldn't hold it anymore, only feeling that her eyelids were getting heavier and heavier.

It was dark in front of my eyes, and I fainted!


		