

Fuyun Mountain, located in the northwest of Beiting County, is a large mountain with a radius of more than 200 miles. Because the ancient trees on the mountain are towering and shrouded in clouds and mists all the year round, it is called Fuyun Mountain.

There is a village at the foot of Fuyun Mountain, called Niubei Village, with about 300 households.

As the saying goes, rely on mountains to eat mountains, rely on water to eat water. For hundreds of years, Niubei Village has lived on the rich products of Fuyun Mountain.

Every mountain has a mountain god to protect it, and Fuyun Mountain is no exception. Therefore, for hundreds of years, the mountain god of Fuyun Mountain and the villagers of Niubei got along harmoniously.

However, this harmony and tranquility was broken three years ago.

According to local customs, the ninth day of every July is the day to go up the mountain to worship the mountain god. However, the mountain god, who had never shown up before, appeared in front of the villagers that day, and bluntly said that the tributes for worship were not rich enough, and asked the villagers to double the offerings.

At that time, the villagers saw the mountain god for the first time, so they were only happy to see the mountain god appearing. They all said that Niubei Village was protected by the mountain god, but they didn't think so much.

Since then, the offerings of Niubei Mountain will be doubled every year according to the requirements of the mountain god.

And with the passage of time, the appetite of Fuyun Mountain God has become bigger and bigger in the past three years. Not only did the tributes increase year by year, but the demands made were also increasingly difficult to satisfy.

It wasn't until the mountain god asked to send a three-year-old boy up the mountain this year that the villagers felt something was wrong. Although it was later replaced by other sacrifices, it has already made the villagers of Niubei Village feel uneasy.

And a month ago, the God of Fuyun Mountain made even more excessive demands.

The mountain god declared to the villagers of Niubei Mountain that his birthday would be one month later. Let the villagers of Niubei Village send three cows, ten sheep and thirty chickens up the mountain on their birthday. In addition, a sixteen-year-old girl was added.

How outrageous is it that a god even asks for a girl?

So, the villagers of Niubei finally couldn't bear it anymore, and reported the matter to the local city god. I hope that the city god can send someone to coordinate with the mountain god as soon as possible, and Chen Wenqing just took over this task.

At this time, Chen Wenqing and his party had arrived at the foot of Fuyun Mountain.

Just now, I have learned about the cause and effect of the mountain god with the villager of Niubei Village.

"Thank you, old man, for telling the truth. The poor Taoist has already known about this matter." Chen Wenqing bowed to the head of Niubei Village and said, "Can I help the old man prepare two chickens for the poor Taoist? The poor Taoist decided to visit the mountain god at night. I hope the mountain god, For the sake of the people in the same way, let's coordinate. Maybe the mountain god can be more lenient to Niubei Village."

Niubeishan Village just heard the words, nodded repeatedly and said: "Okay, okay, little old man, I will go to prepare now. As long as the Taoist priest can help Niubeishan solve this matter, let alone two chickens, it will be twenty The little old man is also willing."

Chen Wenqing looked at the back of the village and said. "If that's the case, I'll be in trouble."

After the figure of the village is far away, Li Youcai said in a deep voice: "Brother, I think this matter seems to be inappropriate. How can there be a mountain god begging for children and girls? Isn't this an evil act? This matter must not be that simple! "

"What Junior Brother said is that there is indeed something strange about this matter." Chen Wenqing looked at the clouds and mist on the top of Fuyun Mountain, and frowned slightly, "But the mountain god of Fuyun Mountain is a yin god after all. Although the mountain god is low, he is also a god Sealed. Now that the situation is unclear, we must not jump to conclusions."

Chen Wenqing looked towards the top of the mountain, and said in a low voice: "Through the eyes of the sky, I can feel that there seems to be a monster floating on the top of the mountain. It seems that this matter is not so simple, and it may be caused by a goblin. But no matter what, let's go up the mountain for a while tonight." Find out and make plans!"


The sun has set. The faint night shrouded Niubei Village, like a veil.

The smoke from the cooking has already risen from the village of Niubei. When the mountain wind blows, there is a faint smell of food.

The three of Chen Wenqing were ready and planned to head towards the top of the mountain.

At this time, Li Youcai was holding two chickens in his hands.

The one in the left hand is a hen, and the one in the right is also a hen. The two chickens were clucking, and Li Youcai showed a helpless expression.

"Okay, junior brother! Let's go up the mountain now! It's time for dinner, and our mountain god must be hungry by now!"

"Brother, can't we finish our meal before going up the mountain? I'm hungry..."

"Hahaha, junior brother, is your body growing white? It's not too late, let's finish the business first!"

After Chen Wenqing finished speaking, the three of them took advantage of the afterglow of the setting sun to head towards the top of Fuyun Mountain along the climbing road.

After about an hour, the three of them finally reached the top of the mountain.

Moon Star Rare.

Chen Wenqing was seeing a newly built mountain temple standing on the top of the mountain. There are candles lit in the mountain temple, and a tall statue of God stands in the temple.

Seeing this, Li Youcai sneered and said. "It's really a waste of money! Building such a temple on the top of a high mountain probably cost Niubei Village a lot of money, and made the villagers who are not rich already worse! It's no wonder that the villagers of Niubei Village have deep resentment."

Chen Wenqing said to Xiao Huihui, "Xiao Huihui, it's still the old rule, go up and call the door first!"

Xiao Huihui heard the words, went to the mountain temple, bowed and said: "The three of us are Zixia Taoist priests. I heard that the Fuyun Mountain God protects one side and loves the people like a child. I bring a small gift to meet the mountain god."

As soon as the words fell, a puff of black smoke flew out of the temple, and after landing, it turned into a short man with a sharp mouth and monkey cheeks. It should be the mountain god of Fuyun Mountain.

As soon as the mountain god landed, his eyes lit up when he saw the hen in Li Youcai's hand, and said, "I am the mountain god of Fuyun you are looking for. Your Taoist priests know better than the group of mountain people at the bottom of the mountain. Seeing that Lord Ben Shanshen also knows to bring a gift."

The mountain god took a few steps forward and took two old hens from Li Youcai's hand. While drooling, he said: "This group of foolish people at the foot of the mountain have been taken care of by the mountain god for nothing for hundreds of years, and they don't know how to be filial. Every time, the mountain god has to speak in person, and even offering tribute is too slow. It's just stupid. !"

When Chen Wenqing heard the words, she didn't answer, but bowed and said: "Chen Wenqing, a poor Taoist, is a Taoist priest of Zixia Temple. He has met the Lord Fuyun Mountain God!"

"Well, the little Taoist priest is sensible. But since you have already seen it, you should leave quickly. There is a difference between immortals and mortals, and this mountain god will not send you away." After the mountain god of Fuyun Mountain finished speaking, he wanted to go inside the mountain temple go.

At this time, Li Youcai walked out quickly, blocking the mountain god in front of the temple. "Please wait a moment, the mountain god, I still have something to discuss with the mountain god."

Seeing Li Youcai blocking the way, the God of Fuyun Mountain immediately felt that his authority was being challenged. He pointed at Li Youcai and said angrily, "Bold mortals, how dare you offend me and block the path of the mountain god! Get out of the way quickly, or the mountain god will not be polite!" "

"Please calm down the mountain god!" Chen Wenqing walked up to Li Youcai and stood with him.

"Pindao has received a tip-off that the mountain god of Fuyun Mountain not only fished the common people, but also let the common people use three-year-old children as sacrifices and young girls as matchmakers. I don't know, is there such a thing?"

The mountain god said disdainfully: "Hmph! Sure enough, it is the group of foolish people down the mountain who are suing! This god has been guarding one side for hundreds of years, so why not let these mountain people make more offerings? As for the three-year-old children as tribute and young girls as matchmakers, they never Nothing! This was fabricated by the foolish people at the foot of the mountain."

When Chen Wenqing heard the words, she nodded and said: "In that case, I would like to invite the Lord Mountain God to follow the poor road to the City God's Yarn, and then we will have our own conclusions about right and wrong!"

"No way! This God is in charge, how can he leave his post without permission? Besides, this God is a god-given priesthood, and the City God's Office is under the jurisdiction of the Underworld. This City God's Office cannot control this God." The God of Fuyun Mountain was furious.

"It turns out that it is false for you to visit the God, but it is true to ask the God. Hmph! Who are you, and who gave you the right to question the God?"

Chen Wenqing's mind moved, and a pitch-black token appeared in front of his eyes.

Chen Wenqing faced the mountain god with the decree in his hand, and said, "The poor Taoist priests are enshrined in the sky, and they have a priesthood. May I ask about this matter now?"

"How could it be?" The mountain god felt the fluctuation of the divine power from the law, and turned pale with shock, "Little Taoist priest, you are only at the foundation building stage. What virtue and ability do you have to obtain the divine talisman?"

"You have nothing to do with it!" Chen Wenqing took two steps forward, and said in a deep voice, "Please show the mountain god's decree, Mr. Pindao, I need to check it."

"Hahaha..." The mountain god let out a loud laugh. "This mountain god has guarded Fuyun Mountain for more than 500 years, and it's still not the turn of some young children to point fingers! If you have eyes, you can't recognize the real god. If this god doesn't show the mountain god's order, what will you do?"

Chen Wenqing moved her eyes, gestured towards Li Youcai without any trace, and then said: "In this case, the poor will be offended!"

After finishing speaking, Chen Wenqing pinched his fingers and chanted the mantra:

"The law of heaven is clear, the law of earth is spirited, the essence of yin and yang is formed, and the spirit of water reveals its form. Spiritual light and water capture, penetrate the sky and reach the earth, promote the law, and mirror the law of yin and yang. The true form is quickly revealed, and the true form is quickly revealed. law!"

There was a vertical mark between Chen Wenqing's eyebrows, and there was a faint flash of divine light in the vertical mark, and a vertical pupil shone with brilliant golden light, exuding supreme majesty, and it was impressive that he was a celestial clairvoyant.

It was the first time that the mountain god saw the legendary Tianyan clairvoyance, and he was shocked for a moment. He was caught by the power of Tianyan, and he didn't dare to move at all, and cold sweat kept flowing from the mountain god's face.

"Where the eye of the sky shines, demons and ghosts will appear quickly!"

A golden white light shot out from the sky eyes between Chen Wenqing's eyebrows, and hit the mountain god's figure.

"what......"

The mountain god let out a cry of pain, and his figure changed into a black smoke. Under the illumination of the sky eye, one can vaguely see a small yellow-haired beast in the black smoke galloping towards the forest in panic.

Chen Wenqing's expression remained unchanged, looking at the direction in which the "Mountain God" escaped, he let out a sneer.

"Hmph! What mountain god!"

"It's just a weasel fairy who has become a climate!"


		