

At night, everything is quiet.

Chen Wenqing returned to the thatched cottage in the back mountain and sat alone on a bed made of several wooden boards. In the thatched cottage, the dark oil lamp emits a dim yellow flame, licking a childish and melancholy face, illuminating a corner of the thatched cottage.

"It seems that there is no other way but to take a risk!"

Chen Wenqing had made up her mind that since it was almost impossible to enter the outer gate at the early stage of Qi refining, she could only try to break through to the middle stage of Qi refining within two days. Although, Chen Wenqing knew very well that this version of "Qi Lian Jue" practiced was extremely risky, and his predecessor also lost his life because of it. But Chen Wenqing can only be a dead horse as a living horse doctor, betting his own life.

Chen Wenqing sat cross-legged on the bed covered with withered grass, meditating on the main points of the "Qi Lian Jue". "Qi Refining Jue" is actually just a superficial method of refining Qi, the full text is only a few hundred words, and Chen Wenqing can already memorize it fluently.

"The heart has no form, but it has no form. Therefore, it can walk without walking but in form."

Chen Wenqing silently visualized the dantian, feeling the free vitality between the heaven and the earth.

"Convincing the Qi to refine the shape, take a moment to enter the room. Spread your clothes loose, lie on your back and stretch your hands. Don't hold it tight, comb your hair to make it unobstructed, hang it on the mat, and then adjust the Qi and swallow it."

"When you finish swallowing, you will close your breath. It's about meditating and thinking about it, letting the breath flow through it, spit it out when you're bored, and practice it again. Do this ten times and it will stop."

As the mind became silent, Chen Wenqing gradually felt a wave of vitality between the heaven and the earth slowly gathering towards the dantian, and understood that this was the so-called "sense of energy". Immediately afterwards, he slowly brought the vitality between heaven and earth into his dantian carefully. As strands of vitality flowed in, the dantian gradually warmed up, and there was also a feeling of swelling. This is a process of absorbing qi.

"At present, there is no discomfort in the body. It seems that there should be no problem in the cultivation of "Qi Sen" and "Na Qi"."

The next step is the practice of "promoting qi". And the process of "promoting qi" is also the most important, critical and dangerous link in the qi refining environment.

Breathing is divided into two steps.

The first step is to "return Qi to Yuanqiao". The so-called Yuanqiao refers to the Dantian.

"The six roots all belong to the Yuan, and the heart has been concentrated for a long time. The method of moving Qi is from left to right, first moving the navel chakra, retracting and releasing, releasing and then retracting, so as to return to the original position."

The second step is "Run Sunday".

"When the mind arrives, the qi follows each other, followed by the trick of returning to the original. It is transported in the navel chakra, from small to large, large to small, and then up to the Xuanji point on the top of the head, circularly going down to the left arm, to the elbow, through the From the wrist, trace to the center of the palm and the fingertips, circle the outer gate of the back of the hand, go up to the elbow, back the shoulder along the well, and then to the neck along the spine, pull down the big vertebrae, and transport it to the coccyx."

"From bottom to top, after passing the head, to the top of the head, face, upper throat, descending the chest, reaching the stomach, passing the navel, to pure yin, reducing the sea of ​​​​qi in the abdomen, and then walking on the right leg, passing through the knee joint, from the shoe toil The point pierces the back of the foot, like going down the magpie bridge, sending the left leg one by one, like the previous method, it falls into the Yongquan, then rises Niwan and Xuanji point to the right, turns the shoulder back with the left hand, penetrates Kunlun and descends to capture Yuanhai."

In this way, the meridians of the whole body will be unblocked and turned slowly.

Chen Wenqing understood the danger of the method of promoting qi, and she was vigilant in her heart. Because, when "promoting qi", it will pass through several key acupuncture points of the human body. Chen Wenqing was cautious, not in a hurry or impetuous, and breathed slowly. Due to the high tension, beads of sweat appeared on Chen Wenqing's cheeks in a short while, and white gas was also vaguely transpired from the top of his head.

When the qi flow reached Baihui acupoint, Chen Wenqing's heart skipped a beat. Chen Wenqing already had a premonition that if he continued to develop Qi, he might face a huge danger.

Baihui acupoint is located at the intersection of the midline of the top of the head and the line connecting the tips of the two ears, and it lives in the top of the cave. Baihui point is closely connected with the brain and is an important point for regulating brain function. The so-called: "The meeting of the hundred meridians runs through the whole body. The head is the meeting of all yang, the ancestor of the hundred meridians, and the Baihui point is the place where the energy of the meridians converge."

However, after Chen Wenqing paused for only a moment, she was still determined to continue to breathe. It's just that the flow of qi has become more cautious, and the mobilization of vitality is also less.

Chen Wenqing mobilized strands of vitality to move towards the Baihui acupoint, the process of moving the qi was like ants crawling slowly in the meridians, with a trace of sourness and itching. It's just that when I arrived at Baihui Point, I felt completely different. It was as if my consciousness was being pricked by a needle, and there was a sharp pain from the depths of my soul!

"what…"

Chen Wenqing let out a scream, and her body, which was sitting cross-legged, fell off the bed and landed heavily on the ground with a muffled "bang". Chen Wenqing lay on the ground unable to move, panting continuously, her face pale and bloodless, and her whole body was drenched in cold sweat.

"I almost died! It's too dangerous!"

The stabbing pain from the depths of his soul left him with lingering fears. It took Chen Wenqing a long time to get up from the ground, touched the bed board, and simply lay there motionless.

Chen Wenqing took a deep breath, calmed down and visualized the dantian, intending to carefully check whether the body was damaged as a result.

"what is this?"

Chen Wenqing closed her eyes and immersed her consciousness in the soul space, only to find that there was a corner of the originally chaotic and hazy soul space emitting a slight light.

"Looks like a book?"

Chen Wenqing controlled her spirit and carefully approached this book!

"It's really you!"

That unique non-gold non-stone material. The pages of the book are full of mountains, rivers, stars, and runes. Isn't it the "Book of Heaven" unearthed from the Sanxingdui site in the previous life?

Chen Wenqing did not expect that not only did he cross over, but also the heavenly book followed. However, the biggest difference between this heavenly book and the previous life is that there are a few seal characters on the title page, which read "The Great Cave Scripture of the Shangqing".

""Shangqing Lingbao Scripture"? So that's your name!"

Chen Wenqing was amazed at the magic of the Heavenly Book. Suddenly, I felt that there seemed to be the voice of the Great Dao coming from the soul. There are also strange fragrances and flying flowers dancing in the entire soul space. A ray of light shone down from the dome, illuminating the entire space brightly. Every seal character in the "Shangqing Lingbao Scripture" seemed to be engraved in Chen Wenqing's soul.

"It turns out that the "Shangqing Lingbao Scripture" is actually a method of cultivating the spirit of refinement."

"Refining and transforming Qi actually includes Qi Refining Realm, Foundation Establishment Realm, Revolving Illumination Realm, Enlightenment Realm, and Fusion Realm."

Chen Wenqing opened his eyes, unable to hide his joy.

"Shangqing Lingbao Scripture" counts the supernatural powers of each realm in detail, and explains in detail how to perceive the aura of heaven and earth, and how to incorporate the aura of heaven and earth into the body to operate.

"With the "Shangqing Lingbao Scripture", doesn't that mean that from today onwards, I have the correct cultivation method!?"

I searched for it thousands of times in the crowd, but I didn't expect it to be at the place where I was in a state of ecstasy!

At this moment, Chen Wenqing's heart was surging and she couldn't help herself! All of this seems to be predestined, Chen Wenqing died because of the heavenly scriptures, but now he lives because of the heavenly scriptures. The word fate is really mysterious and mysterious.

Chen Wenqing took a deep breath, trying to calm down her emotions. I opened this Taoist scripture with my spiritual sense, and immediately felt a purge of pure spirit, and my spiritual sense felt a little clearer again.

"Refining the gods and mastering the way, inspiring the auspicious wind; there is nothing in the middle, and the breath dissipates the shape of the gods; the movement is extremely quiet, and the wonder of the emperor is in a trance. This is the so-called one who mixes the wind. Originally, the origin of the emperor's sage's good fortune. Human life is also based on Taiji, while the movement and stillness are related to the heaven and the earth;

Chen Wenqing carefully understood the mystery of it. At this time, the qi in the dantian quickly swelled up, and the vitality in the meridians also began to operate on its own.

"There is nothing in the middle, the breath dissipates the shape of the gods; the movement is extremely quiet, and the wonder of being in a trance is the so-called one who mixes the wind." Chen Wenqing's dantian qi quickly swelled up, and the vitality of the dantian also began to voluntarily run.

"The life of a person is based on Taiji, while the law of movement and stillness is related to heaven and earth; the spirit is based on one yuan, and the body is related to yin and yang."

This is to explain the basic relationship between yin and yang, vitality and human beings, and the importance of vitality to Taoism. In his previous life, Chen Wenqing read countless Daoist scriptures to study the heavenly scriptures, whether it was runes, incantations, or various methods of practice, so there was no problem in understanding them.

Chen Wenqing pondered carefully, and kept verifying the practice methods of nourishing qi, absorbing qi, and promoting qi of Taoism in the "Shangqing Lingbao Manual" and "Qi Refining Jue" one by one. It was found that the "Shangqing Dadong Zhenjing" clearly explained the practice more correctly and profoundly. I saw that he sometimes frowned and thought deeply, sometimes nodded frequently, with a smile on his face...

"I see! I see..."

Soon, Chen Wenqing had a basic understanding of the cultivation methods of this "Shangqing Lingbao Manual". In comparison, the part discussing the circulation of qi in "Qi Refining Jue" is simply nonsense, nonsense! No wonder the predecessor would become obsessed with cultivation and die!

At this time, Chen Wenqing could feel that every cell and pore in the body was jumping for joy, and her spiritual consciousness became clearer, and she quickly completed the small cycle. Chen Wenqing didn't dare to neglect, and immediately started the transportation of the Great Zhou.

Chen Wenqing's whole body's blood, muscles and bones roared together, and there was a roar in his spiritual consciousness, and his vitality broke through the shackles like a dragon singing and a tiger roaring, and opened up the eight extraordinary meridians. Everything was surprisingly smooth, without any jerky lag.

The circulation of qi in the Great Week has been completed!

At this time, sunlight shone on Chen Wenqing from the cracks in the dilapidated window lattice, and when he opened his eyes, it was already the morning of the next day. Unknowingly, Chen Wenqing had practiced all night.

Chen Wenqing breathed a sigh of relief, stood up, and made a "crackling" sound like fried beans. Feeling the fullness from Dantian, a faint smile appeared on his face.

"In the mid-stage of Qi Refining Realm, it's done!"


		