

The continuous rain has wrinkled the life and death of many people.

The three of Chen Wenqing were wearing coir raincoats and bamboo hats and walked towards Wei Zheng's hermitage in the wind and rain.

The torrential rain made the mountain road even more slippery and muddy. It was not easy for Chen Wenqing to walk all the way, and he couldn't tell the direction in the storm. It took Chen Wenqing and others three hours to find Wei Zheng's thatched cottage.

"Senior Brother, the front should be the place where the Wei family lived together, and we finally found it."

Chen Wenqing looked around, and saw a small courtyard in front of him hidden behind the bamboo forest. He could vaguely see a few neat vegetable beds in the courtyard, and there were curls of green smoke floating above the thatched hut and dissipating in the wind and rain.

"Well, what Junior Brother said is correct. Everyone Wei has a stubborn temper, and everything will follow my orders later, and you must not act recklessly."

Li Youcai said: "Brother, don't worry, everything is up to your arrangement."

Chen Wenqing and the others had already arrived outside the thatched hut, bowed and clasped their hands together and said, "Chen Wenqing from the Zixia Temple of the Poor Dao has taken the liberty to come here. If he wants to visit Master Wei, please inform us!"

Chen Wenqing's voice contained traces of Daoist aura, which was still clearly transmitted into the cottage despite the wind and rain. After a while, the wooden door of the thatched cottage opened, and a young man in white came out holding an umbrella.

"Xu Changling, I met two Taoist priests. My teacher just fell asleep. I don't know if the two Taoist priests came to visit before it rained. What's the matter?"

Chen Wenqing cupped his hands and said, "I'm really sorry for disturbing you on a day of heavy rain. Pindao's trip was also due to the heavy rain for several days. Now the Poyang River has broken its embankment. If it continues like this, the people of Limin in Poyang County may suffer Disaster."

"Since this is the case, this matter should be discussed with the magistrate Qu County of Poyang."

"Humph! Qu County magistrate has nothing to do. He still wants to sacrifice boys and girls to the god of the river in order to stop the wind and rain. It's simply wishful thinking and stupid. Don't you know that the god of Poyang river is responsible for the continuous wind and rain !"

Xu Changling nodded when he heard the words, and said: "I have heard a little about what Qu County Magistrate did. But, why are you looking for the teacher?"

Chen Wenqing bowed and saluted, and said: "The poor Taoist wants to use the Dragon Slaying Sword to kill that monster and return the Poyang County Governor to long-term peace."

"Ah! What? You actually want to use the dragon-slaying sword to slaughter the gods?" Xu Changling turned pale with shock, and said, "It's a very important matter, we can't decide beforehand, we need to report to the teacher. It's just..."

"Just what?" Chen Wenqing asked suspiciously.

Xu Changling said: "It's just that the teacher just fell asleep, and it seems inappropriate to wake up the teacher at this time. You haven't posted the invitation in advance, so I..."

"It's okay, brother Xu, let's go, wait for everyone Wei to wake up, and then tell me to wait. Pindao and others are here, waiting for everyone Wei to wake up."

The wind and rain are still, endlessly.

Chen Wenqing and the other three stood motionless in the wind and rain, as if they had merged with the heaven and the earth.

I don't know how much time has passed, but only heard a "Yiya" as the wooden door opened, and Xu Changling held an umbrella and said, "Teacher is awake, please come in and have a talk."

Inside the cottage.

"I'm watching Chen Wenqing at Zixia, and I've met everyone Wei."

"Hmm. I don't know the Taoist priest, but have you ever heard of the allusion of Chengmen Lixue in the Confucian sect? Today, the Taoist priest Weimen Liyu must have something to ask for. Tell me, what exactly are you asking this old man for?"

Chen Wenqing said: "I'm here for the Dragon Slaying Sword!"

"Oh? I heard from Chang Ling that you want to use the Dragon Slaying Sword to slaughter God?"

"Yes!"

"But, why?" Wei Zheng looked solemn, exuding the aura of Confucianism and Taoism all over his body, heavy pressure rushed towards Chen Wenqing.

"Just because I have the determination to kill this evil beast!" Chen Wenqing said resolutely.

"Determination alone is not enough. Little Taoist, do you know that there were thirteen people who came to me to borrow swords. But I didn't lend them any, and now they all died. Little Taoist, how can I believe it? You can? Tushen, determination alone is not enough, what is more important is strength!" Wei Zheng said softly.

Chen Wenqing remained indifferent, immersed in his mind, and released the god-given oracle-law order and mountain god order in his soul. For a moment, the two tokens shone with divine light in midair.

"Oh? I didn't expect that the little Taoist priest also has a priesthood, and there are two more, which is really amazing!" Wei Zheng was surprised when he saw the two shining tokens in midair.

"Little Taoist priest, at such a young age, I am really surprised that you can get two tokens of the gods, but this can't conceal the fact that your strength is not good. In the early stage of foundation building, you have to fight the river god who is about to transform into a flood. Isn't it like hitting a stone with an egg? .”

Chen Wenqing heard the words and said loudly: "Everyone Wei is right. But, everyone Wei, have you ever thought about it, I can wait until I have the strength to kill this evildoer, but can the people of Limin in Poyang County wait? Besides, The strength of the poor is growing, so isn't the strength of the evildoer growing? If his strength is always lower than this evildoer, how long will it take to kill the evildoer? Is it ten years, twenty years, or a hundred years? "

Chen Wenqing took a deep breath and said: "Pindao once heard a Confucian and Taoist master say a word, and the words were very simple. He said that when there is a little heat, there will be a little light, just like fireflies. There is no need to wait for the torch to shine a little light." Chen Wenqing paused, looked at Wei Zheng and continued, "If there is no torch from now on, I will be the only light!"

Hearing what his senior brother said at this time, Li Youcai's mood became agitated, and he said, "Senior brother is so good! If there is no torch from now on, then we will become that torch!" Unexpectedly, he broke through the shackles and reached the Imperial Academy in one fell swoop!

Feeling the mighty aura of Confucianism and Taoism in the hut, Wei Zheng looked at Li Youcai who was stunned in front of him, and he was a little lost, and his heart was shaken.

"It turned out to be the awe-inspiring spirit of Confucianism and Taoism! Such a young Hanlin Jing is really a person who can't be judged by his appearance!"

Wei Zheng couldn't help but asked Li Youcai: "Who are you? Why does a Taoist priest have the awe-inspiring spirit of Confucianism and Taoism? May I ask who did you learn from?"

"My servant, Li Youcai, was a student of Jixia Xuegong's Master Wang before joining Zixia Temple."

"Master Wang? Could it be Wang Mingyang who is known as Confucianism and Taoism, Master Wang?" Wei Zheng blushed and exclaimed in surprise.

"It is the teacher. The student is the most incompetent disciple under the teacher's seat. I am ashamed!"

Wei Zheng shook his head, and said with a wry smile: "A disciple who has reached the Imperial Academy at the age of less than twenty, and who still controls the aura of Confucianism and Taoism, actually says that he is the most incompetent. If this is called incompetent, then the old man has spent so many years in vain. Live to be a hundred years old?" For a while, Wei Zheng felt a little depressed, as if he was nostalgic for the past.

Seeing this, Chen Wenqing took a step forward and cupped his hands and said: "I have heard in Xiaodao that thirty years ago, everyone in Wei was also strong, full of passion, and fearless of power. He once scolded the emperor of Jin face to face at the court, and asked for tax relief for the people of Li. Why have you become so depressed and full of worries now? Xiaodao dares to implore everyone to go out and quell the evildoers, and return my side of Poyang County to Qingming!"

Wei Zheng regained his composure at this time, and said: "The old man is dying, and he has no strength to use his sword anymore. Now he just wants to spend his old age in peace, and he doesn't want to cause trouble. If you live in a high temple, you worry about the people; if you live far away in the rivers and lakes, you worry His lord, the old man is now living in a shabby room, and he does not want to break this indifferent and peaceful life."

Chen Wenqing shook her head when she heard the words, and said: "Occasionally Xiaodao has a word, and I want to give it to Mr. Wei. If Mr. Wei is indifferent after hearing it, then Xiaodao will stop talking."

"Oh? The little Taoist actually knows poetry?"

Chen Wenqing didn't answer, but said loudly: "This word is called "Humble Room Inscription"."

"If the mountain is not high, there will be a name if there are immortals. If the water is not deep, there will be dragons. This is a shabby room, but my virtue is sweet. The moss marks are green on the steps, and the grass is green in the curtain. There are great scholars in talking and laughing, and there are no white people in communication. It can be adjusted. Suqin, read the golden scriptures. There is no messy ears of silk and bamboo, no labor form of case books. Zhuge Lu in Nanyang, Ziyun Pavilion in West Shu. The sage said: "Why is there such a thing?"

After Chen Wenqing finished reading, the cottage was completely silent.

""Humble Room Inscription"! What a "Humble Room Inscription", hahaha! I didn't expect you, little Taoist priest, to see this old man. I will have no regrets in this life after getting this "Humble Room Inscription"!" Wei Zheng clapped his hands and said, his eyes wide open. Floodlight stared at Chen Wenqing.

Seeing this, Chen Wenqing said: "Xiaodao knows that Old Wei is depressed! But as a Confucian, one should be famous for the country. The so-called worry about the world's worries first, and enjoy the world's happiness later. Xiaodao sincerely asks Wei Lao, Lend the dragon-slaying sword to Xiaodao."

Hearing this, Wei Zheng laughed loudly, and said, "He who worries about the world's worries first, and enjoys the world's joys later! I have studied Confucianism for many years, but there is not a single Taoist priest who can see through it. Just now you said that Confucianists are It should be for the name of the country. At this time, the old man is interested in asking, what is your wish in life, little Taoist?"

Chen Wenqing thought for a while, and said: "Although poor Taoists practice Taoism, Taoism in the world leads to the same goal. Confucianism is also Taoism, and Xiaodao is also a scholar in essence. Therefore, from the perspective of a scholar, I have only one wish, and that is:

"Stand up for the world!"

"Life for the people!"

"Keep learning for the sake of the saints!"

"Create peace for all generations!"


		