

"Hmph! In order to ensure everything is safe, you don't simply think that I don't have a hole card ready?"

The disciple of Shu Dao Academy sneered coldly, took out a small bottle, poured out a golden elixir, and swallowed it in one gulp.

"We admit that we underestimated you, but don't get complacent too early. I really can't beat you at the Foundation Establishment Realm, but I broke through the Foundation Establishment Realm and reached the Golden Core Realm, let's see how you fight me!"

As soon as the disciples of the Shu Dao Academy finished speaking, the spiritual energy in the world became chaotic. After a strong wave of spiritual energy fluctuated from the disciples of the Shu Dao Academy, they exuded a more powerful aura! "

Chen Wenqing felt the coercion of the disciples of the Shu Dao Academy, and became a little vigilant in her heart.

"If I'm not mistaken, what you just ate was the Breaching Realm Pill, right? I didn't expect that you would be willing to pay for it just to deal with me!"

"It's just a Breakthrough Pill, we can still afford it. As long as you die today, no matter how much it costs, it's still worth it."

Although the disciples of the Shu Dao Academy have reached the Golden Core Realm and their aura is exceptionally strong, their complexions have turned purple, their eyes are bloodshot, and they don't seem to be in a good condition.

"Although the Breaking Realm Pill can forcibly break through the realm, it is difficult to repair the damage to the body. Even if you beat me today, the price you pay is that the realm of cultivation will always stay at the Golden Core realm, and it will be too late to improve your strength in the future." Impossible."

Holding the dragon-slaying sword in his hand, Chen Wenqing silently recited the Golden Light Mantra, dispelling the dense fog like a golden man, and continued: "The Breaking Boundary Pill has exhausted the potential of your body, and you have no future!"

"The future? If there is no present, then what is the future?" The disciple of Shu Dao Academy said with a solemn expression, "I don't know who you offended? But there is no way, if I can't kill you today, then Those who die tomorrow will be my parents and clan!"

Chen Wenqing understood immediately when she heard the words, "It turns out that you are also a chess piece in the hands of others, and you can discard it at any time! It is really sad that you have no choice as a chess piece!"

"It looks like today, it's just a game between two chess players. Come on, let me see the strength I should have as a strong player in the Golden Core Realm!"

After Chen Wenqing finished speaking, he took the initiative to attack.

"Fire Talisman Formation! Forgive me!"

Chen Wenqing threw a handful of yellow talismans, and each yellow talisman turned into a fireball to form a huge fire bird, which quickly attacked the disciples of the Shu Dao Academy. The fire bird was burning fiercely, with amazing heat.

The disciple of Shu Dao Academy smiled and said: "This is just the way of basic talismans, and you want to win?!"

After finishing speaking, he slammed his hands together and shouted: "Taiyi Gangfeng! Break!"

The disciple of Shu Dao Institute pushed it out with a palm, and the fire bird exuding raging fire was blown out by the strong wind, and even the thick fog was blown away under the strong wind, and the ring reappeared in front of everyone.

"I see how you are still hiding!" A disciple of the Shu Dao Academy suspended in mid-air and cast a spell on Chen Wenqing, "Don't think that you are the only one who can play with fire, I will let you see my ghost fire!"

The disciples of the Shu Dao Institute clasped their palms together and tried their best to mobilize their spiritual power. The dense will-o'-the-wisps floated in the air, and Chen Wenqing suddenly felt the temperature of the surrounding environment drop sharply.

"Ghost fire, it's Yin fire! The soul and consciousness that burns people is one of the best skills in my school of arts. Now let me see how you resist it!"

There seemed to be countless ghosts screaming in the will-o'-the-wisp, and one after another of the will-o'-the-wisps turned into skulls, rushing towards Chen Wenqing in all directions. Chen Wenqing was surrounded by the will-o'-the-wisps and couldn't escape.

"laugh..."

The will-o'-the-wisp attached to Chen Wenqing's body and made a burning sound, but Chen Wenqing felt no pain at all. He only felt the coldness of the ghost fire, but it did not cause any harm to Chen Wenqing.

"How could it be?!" The disciple of Shu Dao Academy was shocked, "You were hit by my ghost fire, why is there nothing wrong? What is this faint golden light? How can it isolate the ghost fire? This is impossible!"

Chen Wenqing shook her head and said, "This trick may be useful to others, but it's a bit difficult to deal with me!"

"The Xuanzong of heaven and earth, the root of ten thousand qi; extensive cultivation for ten thousand kalpas, to prove my supernatural power; inside and outside the three realms, only the Tao is the only one; the body has golden light, covering my body!"

As Chen Wenqing recited the mantra, the golden light on his body became more and more intense, exuding a dazzling golden light. The Golden Light Curse is the nemesis of all evil spells. Obviously, this ghost fire has been restrained to death, unable to exert any effect!

"Look at my golden light spell breaking you, the first move of the dragon-slaying swordsmanship, killing evil spirits!"

The golden light was reflected on the dragon-slaying sword. Chen Wenqing waved the dragon-slaying sword and chanted a mantra: "The aura of heaven and earth gathers on the sword body. Wherever you read it, all demons and monsters will be wiped out! Slash!"

at this time!

Zhanlongjian issued a huge sword gang, the sword gang gathered golden light, and the sword light cut the ghost fire in front of him with a sword. Jian Guang continued to attack the disciples of the Shu Dao Academy unabated!

"Swordsmanship?!"

The disciple of the Shu Dao Academy laughed, "The disciples of the Fulu Dao Academy actually used swordsmanship in front of our Shu Dao Academy? This is simply an axe! Let me teach you how to use this sword technique!"

After finishing speaking, the disciples of Shu Dao Academy also pulled out their dharma swords, and slashed at the sword light emitted by Chen Wenqing's dragon-slaying sword.

"when!"

The sound of gold and iron colliding rang in everyone's ears, and then a figure flew more than ten feet away from the ring, and fell heavily to the ground with a "bang".

"How could it be? The person who flew out just now should be a disciple of the Taoist Academy?"

"It seems to be right, it is a disciple of the Shu Dao Academy, I didn't expect it!"

"Yeah, I didn't expect the disciples of the Shu Dao Academy to lose!"

"Oh... no, I can't just lose these three hundred Qi Xing Pills like this."


Chen Wenqing was standing on the ring with a sword, while the disciples of the Shu Dao Academy were defeated by Chen Wenqing's sword light, and now they fell into a coma.

"I didn't expect that the dragon-slaying sword technique combined with the golden light spell would have miraculous effects! I haven't even mastered the first form of the dragon-slaying sword technique to kill evil. If I succeed in cultivation, how powerful will it be?"

Chen Wenqing stood on the ring and looked at the crowd, but she was thinking about other things in her heart.

"It seems that this dragon-slaying sword technique should not be exaggerated. Thinking about it, this should be a very powerful sword technique. I got a big deal this time!"

"Hahaha! Senior brother is mighty, our Fulu Taoist Academy has won!" Seeing this, Li Youcai said loudly: "Hurry up! Our Fulu Taoist Academy has won. Those who bet against us just now quickly put out their bets and wish Take the bet!"

"What! What kind of sword do the disciples of Fulu Taoist Academy use? Those who said they could use Fulu, but in the end they used swordsmanship to win."

"That's right! That's right! It's not a win. It's impossible for us to bet and admit defeat."

"The one who lost should be the Fulu Taoist Academy. It's delusional to want our gambling funds!"

"That's right! So what if we don't give you money to gamble? Hahaha..."

Li Youcai couldn't help being anxious when he saw that everyone didn't admit it, "How can you not keep your word? It was clearly our Fulu Taoist Academy that won, but you actually backtracked. Just now everyone witnessed that you lost..."

at this time.

A voice rang coldly in everyone's ears, "I would like to accept the bet! Anyone who dares to deny it, then don't blame me, Zhang Qian, for coming to the door one by one."

Zhang Qian jumped onto the ring and said, "Now I give you two choices. The first one is to accept the bet and hand over the money honestly."

"Another option is, I'll beat you up, and then you will honestly hand over your gambling money."

"Don't blame me for bullying you! One-on-one or group fights, you can choose!"

"Fulu Taoist Temple, today I, Zhang Qian, have covered it!"

"If you have any questions, first ask if the knife in my hand agrees!"


		