

The next day, Kajurin.

Corpse.

"You can't burn it. This is passed down from generation to generation in my Wangjiazhuang. How will you live after you burn our Wangjiazhuang? What face do you have to see your ancestors?"

Wang Chang led a group of clan elders and stopped the county magistrate Wang and a group of yamen servants, crying and complaining that they prevented the yamen servants from burning the pagoda tree forest.

"Your Wang Family Manor doesn't know how to live or die. You raise dead bodies here to make ice, disregard human lives, and ignore the 200,000 Li people in Chen County where I left you. What right do you have to cry here?"

"Have no regard for human life? My Wangjiazhuang uses slaves to raise corpses, and they all have slave titles in their hands. What does it matter if a few slaves die?" Wang Chang tried his best to argue with a disdainful expression on his face. "What's more, there is no difference between slaves and livestock. Can slaves still be considered human beings? Is there still a small number of people offering sacrifices to mountain gods and river gods with living people every year? Why do you just stare at my Wangjiazhuang and refuse to accept it!"

Seeing that the yamen servants had already sprinkled black oil in the pagoda tree grove, thirteen corpses had been uncovered, and the whole pagoda tree forest was filled with the smell of corpses mixed with kerosene, he was anxious.

County Magistrate Wang snorted coldly, and said, "Don't forget, your ancestors in Wangjiazhuang were also slaves! Since you look down on slaves, don't you even look down on your ancestors? It's simply forgetting your ancestors!"

"In addition, Wangjiazhuang killed slaves to make ice, and zombies broke out of their holes, killing thirteen people. Thirteen corpse holes correspond to thirteen lives. Don't you understand what that means?"

The county magistrate Wang was furious, and stopped talking to this group of inhuman elders, and ordered the servants to start burning the corpses. Immediately, the entire locust tree grove for corpses began to burst into raging fire, and the fire strung together a flame ten feet high, as if telling the sky about injustice.

"Take away all the elders in Wangjiazhuang! These people are simply a bunch of beasts. They are thieves! If they are not human, they are no different from demons!"


Although Chen Wenqing didn't witness what happened in the pagoda tree forest, he could probably guess the result.

County magistrate Wang is upright and works for the country and the people. Chen Wenqing believes that he will be able to handle it well.

Although the world is difficult today, there are still some good officials who plead for the people, so that the people can see some hope.

Chen Wenqing and the other three had already left Liuchen County at this time, and came to Beiting County, which is 80 miles away from Liuchen County, and were ready to complete the third task.

Beiting County has a smaller population than Liuchen County, with a population of about 80,000. Beiting County is famous for producing Yuhua Stones. The place Chen Wenqing is going to this time is the Li Mansion.

Li Chengde is a well-known benevolent man in Beiting County, not only for righteousness, but also for the people of the village. Whenever there is a drought, locust plague or epidemic, the Li family will come out to show favor to the people, and they are well-known figures in the local area.

Unfortunately, more than 20 days ago, seven people in the Li family had died one after another for no reason, and the death conditions were extremely tragic. Among the seven people, Li Chengde's closest relatives died, including sons-in-law and son-in-law, but the maids and servants in the mansion had nothing to do. Even so, the maids and servants of Li's mansion have basically escaped in these days, and there are very few left. Now, there are only a dozen people left in the huge Li Mansion!

Rumors spread that perhaps the enemies of "Li Dashan" came to take revenge, so those who died were all close to the Li family. However, it is still unknown whether this "enemy" is a human or a ghost.

Amid panic among the people, the Li Mansion invites capable people from all walks of life to come to help, and this is also the purpose of Chen Wenqing's trip.

The three of them came to a mansion, and saw that the mansion occupied a huge area, and the whole mansion was decorated extremely luxuriously, showing the prosperity and nobility of the owner.

The gate is made of gilt, and there are two lions carved in jade standing at the gate. If you look closely, even the jade lion's eyeballs are embedded with luminous pearls. On the top of the red vermilion lacquered gate hangs a black gold-threaded nanmu plaque, on which the two big characters "Li's Mansion" are inscribed.

"It's here, that's right. Xiao Huihui, go up and call the door." Chen Wenqing said.

Xiao Huihui stepped forward and knocked on the door.

After three rings, a chunky man dressed in silk and a jade belt around his waist poked his head out, looked around and carefully opened the door. He looked like a housekeeper.

"Everyone, where are you coming from?" Although the door opened, he didn't let anyone in immediately, but asked while standing on the steps.

"The poor Taoist Zixia Guan Chunyangzi came here with his younger brother Zhengyangzi."

At this time, the butler heard it, and hurried down the stairs, pulled Chen Wenqing's sleeve, and said: "It turns out that it is the high way of Zixia Temple. You are negligent, you are negligent, and the two priests are here." The butler While laughing with him, he cupped his hands and said, "This is the housekeeper of Li's house, Li Quan. The two priests, please come inside, please come inside." As he spoke, he impatiently pulled Chen Wenqing into Li's house.

Chen Wenqing followed Li Quan and walked through the well-arranged pavilions and pavilions. The pavilions were dotted with vibrant green bamboos and strangely shaped stones. Then I walked through the lotus pond and waterside pavilion, carved beams and painted buildings, and felt that every plant, every tree, every mountain and every stone in Li's mansion were carefully arranged.

"It really is a rich family!" Chen Wenqing sighed in his heart.

When everyone came to the front hall, they saw that there were already many people in the front hall. There are not only heroes and knights with swords on their backs, but also Confucian scholars who look like scholars, and fellow Taoists dressed as Taoists like Chen Wenqing.

"These three are Zixia Guan Gaodao, and they came to help by appointment." Li Butler introduced to everyone.

"Heh! Zixia seems to be in decline. Now I can only send these yellow-mouthed children out for missions? Is there no one in Zixia Temple? Hahaha..." Before Chen Wenqing saw the ceremony , the tall and thin Taoist priest who was also dressed as a Taoist priest sneered and mocked.

"I'm Chen Wenqing, whose Taoist name is Chunyangzi. This is my first mission down the mountain, please give me your advice." Chen Wenqing heard the words, but ignored the other party's ridicule, but bowed to everyone.

Seeing this, the tall and thin Taoist priest sneered and said, "Huh! I don't dare to take advice, as long as we don't hold us back!"

"Why do you Taoist talk like that? Everyone is here for the mission, so why are you talking sarcasticly here?" Li Youcai couldn't stand listening anymore, stood up and said loudly.

"To do the mission? Just the three of you? One is wet, one is as fat as a pig, and the other... Hehe, a rat demon who is not a good person?" The tall and thin Taoist said coldly with a glance.

Li Youcai hated people saying that he was fat the most in his life, and when he heard this, he immediately became furious and wanted to go forward to argue. "It's unreasonable, how dare you Taoist..." However, before Li Youcai finished speaking, he was pulled down by Chen Wenqing.

"Forget it, junior brother. There is no need to talk to him. The so-called colleagues are enemies, and enemies should be resolved rather than tied." Chen Wenqing's expression was calm, but he was not affected by the tall and thin Taoist priest, and continued: "Since the Li family has invited so many I am afraid that this matter will be quite difficult if capable and righteous men come, let us wait and see!"

At this time, there was a sound of footsteps from outside, several people walked in, and three large boxes followed.

The leader is about seventy years old, with gray beard and hair, and a rich face. He is dressed in brocade clothes embroidered with clouds, but it is made of the most precious Shu brocade at present. However, his complexion was a little gray, his spirit was weak, and his eyes were darkened. It seemed that he hadn't had a good rest for many days.

"Old man Li Chengde, thank you all for coming to help." Li Chengde waved his hands to the crowd and said, "Something happened to my Li family. Seven of the twenty-four members of the Li family have died tragically. I am dear to my dearest, and this old man is heartbroken. I hope that all the masters can help my Li family find the murderer, eradicate rape and eliminate evil, and eliminate harm for the people. My Li family has prepared generous gifts to thank you for your kindness."

With tears in his eyes, Li Chengde waved his hand and asked his servants to open the three boxes one by one. All three boxes were filled with white silver, shining brightly in the hall.

"A total of three thousand taels of silver! Whoever wants to help my Li family find the culprit will have all the three thousand taels of silver."

"And those who punish the evil for my Li family will be rewarded another five thousand taels!"

"I don't know everyone, what do you think?"


		