

"The evildoer will die!"

With a loud shout, Chen Wenqing sacrificed the Sanqingling, making a tinkling sound, which coincided with the scream of the ghost.

"Oh, the little Taoist priest still has a magic weapon. The jingle bells are quite nice." The female ghost smiled charmingly, and then rushed towards Chen Wenqing. The female ghost was full of eerie aura, thinking To possess Chen Wenqing.

"Heaven and Earth Xuanzong, the root of ten thousand qi. Extensive cultivation of catastrophe, proof of my supernatural powers. Inside and outside the three realms, only the Tao is the only one. There is a golden light in my body, covering my body. The golden light curses pardon!"

The female ghost threw herself on Chen Wenqing's body, but was blocked by the thin golden light, but the ghost's body was burned by the golden light, making a sizzling sound, and the black air all over her body became lighter.

"What kind of spell is this, so terrifying!"

The female ghost turned pale with fright. He felt that his gloomy ghost energy was consumed by the golden light, and the ghost body was seriously injured, and he could only use his abilities to the third or fourth level. Obviously, Li Gui was suppressed by the Golden Light Curse.

"Monster, you are looking for death, no wonder I am!" Chen Wenqing's golden light curse covered his whole body, at this moment he stretched out a palm, and patted Li Gui's body heavily.

"Ah..." The female ghost let out a scream, and said, "You can actually hurt me! This golden light can turn reality into reality!"

The female ghost was sent flying, lying on the ground but unable to stand up again.

Chen Wenqing took two steps forward and said, "Monster, let me see what waves you can make."

The female ghost is already very weak at this time, and the ghost body has also become illusory. "Daozhang, can you let me go? As long as you let me go, I can be your ghost servant and wait for orders."

"No need, you can go on the road with peace of mind!" Chen Wenqing said resolutely, pinched her fingers, stepped on the Tiangang Big Dipper, and recited the spell.

"Decree from the Supreme Master, supersede your lonely soul, all ghosts and ghosts, four life rules, the headed ones supersede, the headless ones rise, kill with spears and knives, jump into the water and hang ropes... order to save the others, urgently supersede life!"

Chen Wenqing recited the mantra of passing away.

"You... are you saving me? How did you do it? Didn't the six realms of reincarnation disappear?"

"I can still surpass?"

Li Gui looked amazed, with an incredible expression on his face.

"Thank you, little Taoist, I have committed a heinous crime, but I never thought I would finally be free!"

Chen Wenqing heard the words and said: "Even if the six realms of reincarnation are not complete, but with the "Rebirth Mantra", it should be able to save all ghosts and evil spirits!"

"You, let's go!"

After Chen Wenqing finished speaking, Li Gui turned into a puff of green smoke and disappeared into the air.

"Huh... it can be regarded as dealt with!" Chen Wenqing breathed a sigh of relief.

At this time, dots of firefly-like stars suddenly appeared in the sky and went towards Chen Wenqing's body, making Chen Wenqing feel light and healthy.

"what is this?"

Chen Wenqing reached out to grab the fluorescent Xinghui, but the Xinghui passed by Chen Wenqing's palm.

"This is the power of merit!" Li Youcai turned pale with shock when he saw Chen Wenqing surrounded by some power of merit.

This is the power of merit! It is said that it has been more than three thousand years that no one has ever heard of someone possessing the power of merit. Li Youcai did not expect that he found it on Chen Wenqing today!

"As expected of the chosen one!" Li Youcai became more convinced of his judgment.

"What is the power of merit? What's its use?" Chen Wenqing asked in confusion.

"The power of merit is used by immortal practitioners in their cultivation. It is a more advanced cultivation method than spiritual power. It is said that only immortals can possess the power of merit. I never thought that the younger brother could absorb the power of merit!"

Li Youcai said excitedly, the joy on his face could not be restrained.

Chen Wenqing understood, but still asked: "But how did I get this power of merit? I just seem to have saved this ghost!"

"It should be that this ghost has done a lot of evil, and the elder brother should have gained the approval of the heavens to save him, so he has a little bit of merit!"

Li Youcai paused, and then added: "However, I think the power of this merit, brother, should have something to do with the kung fu practiced by him. I have never heard of it before, and it is possible to transcend rebirth without relying on the six realms of reincarnation. Taoism and supernatural powers."

"Junior Brother's Rebirth Mantra really amazed me! Sure enough, every word and deed of a disciple of the Immortal has something mysterious. Junior Brother, I am really enviable!" Li Youcai sighed in admiration and surprise.

Chen Wenqing suddenly realized, and said: "But the power of merit doesn't seem to be of much use? Apart from my clearer mind, the rest seems to be the same!"

"This should be the reason why my brother's merit is too little. With only a little bit of merit, it is impossible to reborn. As long as you have a large amount of merit, you can improve your cultivation level and cultivate a fairy spirit!"

Chen Wenqing nodded and said, "Since that's the case, does Junior know how to obtain the power of merit?"

"In general, there are two ways to obtain the power of merit."

"One, keep doing good deeds. In this way, you can continuously accumulate merit, accumulate more with less, and you will have a lot of merit over time."

"Secondly, become the incarnation of Yin God. For example, city gods, mountain gods, river gods, etc., can all set up longevity tablets and be worshiped by the world. This can also protect the peace of one side."

"And the world can provide merit to the corresponding yin god through worship or incense. It's just that the six reincarnations and the underworld have existed in name only, so becoming a god with incense has become a legend. In fact, they can't enjoy any merit."

Chen Wenqing understood.

At this moment, he was thinking that the road of continuously doing good deeds seems to be feasible, and doing good deeds in order to speed up his cultivation is nothing at all.

As for becoming a Yin God to gain merit, Chen Wenqing is not sure at this time whether he has a chance to become a Yin God. After becoming a yin god, is it possible to obtain the power of merit through the academic methods and supernatural powers learned in the previous life?

"It seems that I am destined to become a chivalrous Taoist priest. With the power of merit, this is simply a cheating device!" Chen Wenqing thought to himself.

Everyone was disturbed by the ghost, and they couldn't sleep at this time. Even Li Youcai looked energetic at this time. They were really surprised by Chen Wenqing, did they think that the era of immortal gods would start soon when the power of merit came?

"You Cai, I just thought of something to ask you. Just now you said that Confucianism has limited damage to ghosts, mainly because of Confucianism itself. Only by cultivating Confucianism and upgrading it to the righteousness, then you can be invulnerable to evil. , The monster surrendered! What is going on?" Chen Wenqing asked curiously.

"Confucianism has talent, Confucianism, and awe-inspiring spirit."

"Talent is the lowest level, but anyone who has a certain level of Confucianism will have a trace of talent. Confucianism needs to be assessed and tested. Only those who have reached the standards of Confucianism and Taoism can have Confucianism."

"As for the aura of arrogance, it seems that only Confucianism cultivators above the Great Confucianism level have it."

Chen Wenqing knew in his heart that he had one last question.

"Then how do you get awe-inspiring righteousness?"

Li Youcai said: "The method to obtain the righteousness is actually very simple. As long as you are a Confucianist, you can mobilize the righteousness in the world by reciting poems or writing beautiful articles. If the articles and poems reach the standard that can mobilize the righteousness, then Then you can use the awe-inspiring energy for cultivation."

"I see!"

Chen Wenqing smiled and said, "Junior Brother Cai, do you want to gain awe-inspiring aura? Perhaps, I can help you!"

Li Youcai heard the words, but said: "Brother, I know that your Taoism is natural and unparalleled in the world. But you don't understand about Confucianism. Only poems and articles passed down through the ages can be recognized by Confucianism. Confucianism is righteous. as simple as that."

Chen Wenqing's expression remained unchanged, and he said: "I have a poem here, and today I will give it to a wealthy junior brother. Why don't you take a look at it?"

After speaking, he took out the yellow talisman from his bag, picked up a pen and wrote a few big characters on the yellow talisman.

"Jiang Xue".


		