

Although Zhang Qian is only number one in the outer sect.

But in fact, even if he is placed in the inner gate, he still has the top three combat power. Therefore, as soon as Zhang Qian said this, all the disciples of the Taoist Academy returned their gambling funds to Li Youcai.

Chen Wenqing looked at the dissatisfied expressions of the disciples of the Taoist Academy under the ring, and he knew that from this moment on, the Fulu Taoist Academy would be completely isolated.

However, Chen Wenqing didn't care about it at all.

Because he understands one thing, that is, even if he doesn't cause trouble, trouble will come to him.

Now his strength is too weak, and even the Fulu Taoist Academy is just a pawn, let alone he is just an ordinary disciple of the Foundation Establishment Realm.

As a chess piece, as long as it has value, it is not easy to be abandoned. As long as one's own strength is getting stronger and stronger, then the value is getting bigger and bigger.

As a pawn, Chen Wenqing also has the consciousness of being a pawn.

Holding various pills and treasures in his arms, Li Youcai smiled from ear to ear.

Chen Wenqing seemed to be infected by Li Youcai, and couldn't help laughing, thinking: "It seems that there is no shortage of cultivation resources in the Foundation Establishment Realm, and maybe it can be used to subsidize the Fulu Taoist Academy."

"Today, by luck, I won the Fulu Taoist Academy. According to the agreement, my Fulu Taoist Academy will continue to exist this year. If you still have any objections, you can ask me to make an appointment with me later. But it was agreed in advance that if you make an appointment to fight me, you need Come up with enough gambling money, remember to make an appointment in advance, I am very busy!"

After Chen Wenqing finished speaking, she turned around and left with the other disciples of Fulu Taoist Academy, leaving everyone staring at each other.

"It's too arrogant! It's too arrogant, I can't bear it, I must challenge him!"

"Count me in. Otherwise, he thought that he would be invincible after defeating the two disciples of the Shu Dao Academy!"

"It's only at the peak of the Foundation Establishment Realm. With my Golden Core Stage strength, I don't believe I can't beat him. I'm not a disciple of the Daoist Academy. I only rely on drugs to improve my cultivation."


Chen Wenqing could already predict that after today, the Fulu Taoist Academy would never have a safe life.

However, he wasn't worried at all. As long as his cultivation continues to improve, all challengers will only be the sharpening stones on his way forward.

Chen Wenqing and others returned to the Fulu Daoist Academy, and saw Cheng Jiaoyu who was in a state of anxiety.

"How are you, are you not injured?" Seeing Chen Wenqing and others approaching, he asked immediately.

"It's okay! No injuries."

Cheng Jiaoyu felt relieved, "It's good that you're not injured! Even if you lose the battle, it's okay. After all, Wen Qing, your training time is still short. Even if you are extremely talented, you still need more time to grow."

"Teacher, brother did not lose. Brother won the fight, and our Fulu Taoist Academy won!" Li Youcai said excitedly.

"Really?" Cheng Jiaoyu seemed unable to believe it.

"Really! If you don't believe me, look, this is all won by a bet between senior brother and other Taoist disciples." Li Youcai put Qi Gathering Pill, Qi Condensing Pill, Qi Xing Pill, Yin Liang, and elixir, all of which he put into his head. On the desk.

Cheng Jiaoyu looked at the cultivation resources on the desk, his eyes turned red and his nose felt sore.

"How many years! How many years have I not seen so many cultivation resources..."

Cheng Jiaoyu murmured: "Wen Qing, you brought this back with your life, so you should take care of it. I believe that with these cultivation resources, breaking through the Foundation Establishment Realm is just around the corner."

Chen Wenqing smiled, shook her head and said, "These cultivation resources belong to the Fulu Taoist Academy, not mine alone. These resources should be left in the Fulu Taoist Academy for everyone to practice together!"

"But..."

"It's nothing. Thanks to the instructions, I am now a member of the Fulu Taoist Academy, and I should contribute to the Taoist Academy. What's more, I think all the senior brothers are unable to break through because of the lack of cultivation resources. .Now with the help of these cultivation resources, it is just the time to solve the urgent need."

In the end, Chen Wenqing gave all the cultivation resources obtained from the gambling to the Fulu Taoist Academy for unified processing. Because of this matter, although Chen Wenqing was a junior junior, he became the number one person in Fulu Dao Academy. All the disciples of Fulu Daoist Academy looked forward to Chen Wenqing.

at night.

Chen Wenqing was practicing the dragon-slaying sword technique.

However, what is different from his usual practice method is that he will even imprint the divine light of the Golden Light Curse on the Dragon Slaying Sword.

"The first form of the dragon-slaying sword technique to kill evil, although it failed to practice successfully. However, this golden light curse combined with the dragon-slaying sword is cast together, and the superimposed power of the two can't even withstand the blow of a golden core monk. Although, This Golden Core Realm is just a "fake pill"."

Chen Wenqing thought about the daytime battle with the disciples of the Shu Dao Academy. Rather than defeating the opponent with the Dragon Slaying Sword Technique, it would be better to say that he defeated the opponent with the Golden Light Curse.

In a previous life.

"The golden light mantra also has many magical functions. You can use this mantra to bind the golden light seal as a talisman; or you can use the golden light to refine it into a pill;

"It seems that the Golden Light Curse has various magical effects that I don't know yet. My biggest reliance now is all the magical powers I learned in my previous life. I must not be fond of the new and dislike the old."

Chen Wenqing warned herself not to be greedy for too much in Taoist practice, but to focus on one thing, as the so-called "one trick can be eaten all over the world".

In essence, what I have learned is quite complicated now, and I really need one or two unique skills.

"The golden light mantra can not only drive away disasters and ward off evil spirits, but also protect oneself and bless the magic weapon. It can be said to serve multiple purposes. This mantra should be practiced frequently."

Thinking of this, Chen Wenqing calmed down, and a faint golden light shone on her body.


Zixia Temple, Liuyun Peak, the main practice place of the deputy temple.

"How's the result today?"

The room was pitch black, and a figure sat on the main seat, looking at the person kneeling on the ground below and said.

"Unexpected!"

"Oh? Could it be that the Talisman Taoist Academy won today?"

"That's true. I heard that the disciples of the Fulu Dao Academy fought one against two, and the disciples of the Shu Dao Academy even used the Broken Mirror Pill. Although they reached the Golden Core Realm, they were still defeated by a single sword."

"Defeat with one sword? Does he know how to use swordsmanship?"

The person kneeling under his hands explained: "It's just a chaotic swordplay, and the swordplay is not profound. It's just that the body of the sword is covered with a layer of golden light. Under the urging of the sword, the power is doubled."

"Well. If that's the case, then go and find out. But then again, what kind of rubbish did you arrange this time? The Golden Core Realm can't even beat the Foundation Establishment Realm! The old rules fail, and there is no need for their family to stay It's over, let's deal with it as soon as possible!"

"Yes! I'll do it now."

"One more thing, I need to arrange a skin as soon as possible, the Rhinoceros King is coming. If I can't find a suitable skin, then I will use you as a skin!"

"You mean that Master Demon King Xi will come here in person? Don't worry, I will definitely prepare a new skin, which will satisfy the King of Rhinoceros!"

"Well, this matter has been confirmed, just one month later. It is a matter of great importance, and you must not take it lightly. You have made a big mistake before, and you must be sure that nothing will go wrong this time."

"I really didn't expect that a handyman disciple would sabotage my plan again and again. Now, he has become a disciple of Fulu Taoist Academy."

"Hmph! He has lived too long!" The person sitting on the main seat stood up, walked to him and said, "There is no need to think so much about dealing with a small foundation-building Taoist priest. Let's just kill him!" , so as not to have long nights and dreams!"

"Please don't worry, I have already arranged it. He will die in the next few days!"

"Well. But you have to be careful. For some reason, this little Taoist priest has also entered the eyes of that old man in Zixia Temple. This time I counted my mistakes, but I didn't expect this little Taoist priest to have some tricks to win this time. Make an appointment to fight. The Fulu Taoist Academy now has only two or three big cats and kittens. If it wasn’t for the one-vote option of the Fulu Taoist Academy, otherwise I would have arranged for it to be wiped out!”

"Your Majesty, please rest assured. The Fulu Taoist Academy will not be dancing for a few days, and the annual competition will be held in a month. At that time, I will destroy the entire army of the Fulu Taoist Academy!"

"Very good! I'm looking forward to your good news. Vice-Chancellor Gu, don't let me down." The figure patted the shoulder of the man kneeling on the ground, revealing a furry leopard face through the dim light , said:

"If everything goes well, you will be the owner of Zixia Temple from now on!"


		