

In the air, there was a faint fragrance of flowers, which was hidden under the cover of the smell of blood.

Chen Wenqing's eyes were already bloodshot, and she turned a deaf ear to Li Youcai's call, and plunged into the pack of wolves and monsters like a tiger into a flock of sheep, and began the boundless slaughter.

Most of the wolf demons in the mountains and plains are low-level, and basically do not exceed the blood demon realm. Therefore, Chen Wenqing, who is in the Golden Core Realm, is not an enemy at all.

Chen Wenqing's sword was like a dragon, and wherever it went, it was like chopping melons and vegetables, and wolf monsters fell in a pool of blood.

As more and more wolf monsters fell, the fishy smell in the air became stronger and stronger, and the red light in Chen Wenqing's eyes became even more intense.

"Brother..."

Li Youcai's face was pale, and he vomited blood. He struggled to stand up, and a deep scar appeared on his back...

The Yinyue wolf king couldn't help being furious when he saw that Li Youcai was still alive after being hit by him.

After raising his head to the sky and howling a wolf, a cloud of spiritual energy was swallowed by the wolf king, and his body immediately rose to a height of more than ten feet visible to the naked eye, overlooking Li Youcai.

"Aw..."

The wolf king let out a roar, and blew out a cold air towards Li Youcai.

Li Youcai was seriously injured, and he couldn't dodge in time. The cold air instantly froze Li Youcai to the ground, like an ice sculpture.

The Yinyue Wolf King stepped on it with one paw, and "Li Youcai" immediately turned into blood foam...

at this time.

Chen Wenqing was already immersed in the killing, she didn't seem to see Li Youcai being killed by the Yinyue Wolf King, and she continued to slaughter the wolf demon...

Seeing this, the Silver Moon Wolf King was furious, and raised his sharp front paws to pat Chen Wenqing.

"Die!"

The front paws slapped on Chen Wenqing's body, but was blocked by the Dragon Slaying Sword, causing no harm to Chen Wenqing.

Chen Wenqing raised his sword and continued to slaughter all the wolf monsters, leaving the Silver Moon Wolf King aside.

The Yinyue Wolf King felt that his authority was being challenged, and breathed out a breath of cold air at Chen Wenqing, but was avoided by Chen Wenqing using the technique of stepping and stepping.

then.

The Yinyue Wolf King jumped up, flew into mid-air, his abdomen beating, and he spit out a blast of wind...

Gangfeng made a sound of piercing the sky, like a sword, containing sharp cutting power, blowing off the surrounding trees.

Chen Wenqing swung the dragon-slaying sword to block the wind, but after a long time, fine bloodstains appeared on his body.

As the strong wind continued to blow on his body, Chen Wenqing suffered more and more wounds. He swung his sword as hard as he could, turned around and retreated into the wolf demon again.

The Yinyue Wolf King followed Chen Wenqing's figure, blowing out his wind. But Chen Wenqing kept running into the wolf monster pile, so all the wolf monsters around Chen Wenqing were hit by the wind and turned into blood mist...

"Shameless human beings, how dare you tease this king!" Silver Moon Wolf King said angrily.

"Roar…"

The Silver Moon Wolf King's patience had been worn down by Chen Wenqing, and he roared loudly, "Kill this human being!"

As soon as the Yinyue Wolf King's order came out, the wolf monsters all over the mountains and plains immediately moved towards Chen Wenqing's direction.

Soon, Chen Wenqing was drowned in the wolf demon's corpse mountain and blood sea.

Chen Wenqing kept waving the dragon-slaying sword, and the wolf demons fell to the ground one by one, forming a hill.

The clean Taoist robe on his body has been soaked in blood, and there are also many wounds.

There are too many wolf demons, as if they are endless.

Finally, Chen Wenqing flickered and was about to fall down. His hand holding the Dragon Slaying Sword was shaking, he was panting like a cow, and the spiritual energy in his whole body had been exhausted.

"Hahaha…"

"Human! You can't do it at last. You slaughtered my Yinyue wolf demon clan, then let this king take your head off, then peel your skin and bones, divide and eat you..."

The Yinyue Wolf King walked up to Chen Wenqing with leisurely steps, overlooking him from above, with a cold light on his long wolf teeth, and a bloodthirsty smile on his face.

"Zixia Temple imprisoned thousands of monsters, and dared to let you come in and suffer death?"

The Silver Moon Demon King raised his sharp front claws and patted Chen Wenqing. It seemed that he had expected that Chen Wenqing would turn into a puddle of meat in the next second...

"Ants! Let me die!"

Right now.

The blood red in Chen Wenqing's eyes became clear, and the dragon-slaying sword was tightly held by Chen Wenqing. At this critical moment, the dragon-slaying sword turned into a golden dragon...

"The first move of the dragon-slaying swordsmanship is to kill evil!"

I saw that the golden light flashed away, as if it had never existed.

at this time.

The raised front paws of the Silver Moon Wolf King stopped in mid-air, and a terrified expression appeared on his bloodthirsty face, with an expression of disbelief...

"laugh…"

A bloody arrow gushed out from the body of the Silver Moon Wolf King, and the huge body was split in half and fell heavily to the ground.

Silver Moon Wolf King, fell.

Seeing that the wolf king was dead, all the wolf monsters immediately dispersed and fled away in a hurry...

Chen Wenqing exhausted all his strength and finally killed the Yinyue Wolf King with his last sword.

So, unable to hold on any longer, he collapsed in front of his eyes.

In the air, the smell of blood could not dissipate for a long time.

After about half a stick of incense, there was a sound of footsteps from the woods not far away.

The footsteps came from far to near, and they came to Chen Wenqing.

"Hmph! I thought this little Taoist priest would be difficult to deal with, but it seems that it is nothing more than that!"

"Hey, with you on the way, how could the little Chen Wenqing escape from the palm of your hand..."

"To deal with a person, sometimes you don't have to use brute force, you need to use your brain..."

I saw two people wearing Zixia Temple Taoist uniforms, standing beside Chen Wenqing, with disdain on their faces.

"The killing of this little Taoist priest this time is just a matter of convenience."

"However, since Guanzhu Gu has repeatedly explained, under a little trickery, I still have to submit obediently... It's just that it's a pity that I wasted a "Huo Shen" plant! "

"Confused God" is a flower that can confuse the mind. It grew up in the hinterland of Nanzhan Buzhou Yaozu.

Under the stimulation of blood energy, the pollen has a sweet taste. The more blood energy, the easier it is to confuse the mind.

Because Chen Wenqing killed the wolf demon, he was fascinated by the "Huo Shen Hua".

As Chen Wenqing killed more and more wolf demons, Chen Wenqing was completely bewildered, and finally caused corpses to litter the field and blood to flow into rivers...

It turned out that it was all by design.

Even the majestic Silver Moon Wolf King is nothing more than a victim of design.

"Hey, Master Fox, please don't worry! After the matter is settled, we will bear all the expenses..."

"That's good! If that's the case, the night will be full of dreams, so I'll let you kill this little Taoist with your own hands..."

The person called "Master Fox" said lightly, as if everything was under control.

The other person nodded upon hearing the words, then drew out the sword in his hand and stabbed at Chen Wenqing...

"Die!"

The long sword was extremely fast, and it made the sound of swords piercing through the air, obviously it was also a sword cultivator.

Right now.

A golden light shone from Chen Wenqing's body, and the long sword pierced Chen Wenqing's body, and there was a clanging sound of gold and iron intersecting, and then the long sword was bounced away by the golden light.

"what's going on?"

The man with the sword turned pale with fright, and couldn't help taking three steps back, staring intently at Chen Wenqing who was emitting golden light.

At this time, Li Youcai's taunting voice came from a distance.

"Just because you two want to plot against us?"

And Chen Wenqing, who was lying on the ground, also stood up at this time, and saw that his eyes were clear, and he was not really confused.

Chen Wenqing's spiritual energy moved, and golden Buddha fire rose up, burning all the blood stains on his body, and returning to the state of dust and elegance.

His sky eyes were slightly opened, and a divine light shot out from them, shining on the two of them.

Chen Wenqing held the dragon-slaying sword and pointed at the two people in front of him,

shouted loudly.

"Bold and evil, you don't know how to live or die, how dare you confuse me!"

"Haven't you revealed yourself quickly?!"


		