

Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai received all the clothes, shoes and hats of the outer disciples. Besides that, there was also a small bag, which contained three round pills, exuding a delicate fragrance. Of course, there is also a copy of the basic "Qi Lian Jue" of Zixia Temple.

"Junior Brother Li, what kind of elixir is this?" Chen Wenqing opened the top of the bag, took out an elixir and brought it close to his eyes, feeling that it looked a little familiar.

"This is the Qi Gathering Pill. Outer disciples share three pills each month for their cultivation. The Qi Gathering Pill can speed up the condensation and flow of Qi, and improve their cultivation."

"So that's the case, why are there only three? Is this Qi Gathering Pill expensive?"

"It's precious even if it's valuable, and it's not expensive if it's not. The key is to see who uses it." Li Youcai said.

"The Qi Gathering Pill is mainly used by disciples who haven't built a foundation. After the foundation is built, it is useless. However, if a disciple who is just getting started in the Qi Refining Stage takes the Qi Gathering Pill, it can quickly improve the efficiency of Qi Refining and Qi Movement, and greatly shorten the breakthrough time." The time of the foundation period."

"So, Qi Gathering Pill is very important to us now. But I don't know how much this Qi Gathering Pill costs?"

"The market price is five taels of silver, and there is still no market. If ordinary people have Qi Gathering Pills, they will generally not sell them. Basically, they are reserved for those who have just practiced Qi Realm."

"Then how did these Qi Gathering Pills come from?"

"We have an alchemy academy in Zixia Temple, which is mainly responsible for planting medicinal materials and alchemy. These elixirs are basically refined by the disciples of the alchemy academy. It's just that the quality is a little bit worse, and most of them are ordinary ninth-grade pills. .Even so, it is rare for outer disciples.”

Chen Wenqing said: "There are only three Qi Gathering Pills per month, which is not enough for cultivation. Buying Qi Gathering Pills is not only expensive, but also has no channel resources. If you have money, do you know how to get Qi Gathering Pills?"

Li Youcai laughed, and said: "Of course there are. Of course, it is impossible for Zixia Temple to provide disciples with Qi Gathering Pills and cultivation resources for free for a long time. Most of them still need to receive Zongmen missions, and then after completing the missions, there will be no need for Zixia. The contribution value of Xiaguan. With the contribution value, you can exchange krypton for equivalent items, including pills, exercises, and even magic tools."

Chen Wenqing nodded when she heard the words, and said, "Understood. As long as disciples need resources, they can continue to receive tasks in exchange for corresponding resources. However, the tasks must not be so easy to complete, after all, resources are limited."

"Senior brother is right. Generally, tasks are accompanied by risks. Tasks without any risk are not very rewarding. Instead of spending time to complete the task, it is better to practice steadily. In addition, there are many uncertainties in the task. Therefore, you must be very careful when accepting tasks, once you encounter some tricky tasks, you may be killed."

"Many disciples die every year because of their missions!"

Chen Wenqing looked at Li Youcai and said, "Junior Brother, I never thought you would know so much just after joining Zixia Temple! It's really impressive!"

Li Youcai had a naive smile on his round face, scratched his head and said: "These are some common sense, you can find out if you just ask anyone. Didn't you work as a handyman disciple in Zixia Temple for three years? I don't understand these things yet!"

Chen Wenqing was silent. In memory, the little Taoist priest was taciturn and had no friends at all. Keep everything in the deepest part of your heart, and be indifferent to everything around you, so why would you deliberately inquire and pay attention to these things.


Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai came to the place where the disciples of the outer sect of Fulu Taoist Academy lived. Looking at the neat rows of houses, they were indeed much better than the thatched cottage in the back mountain before!

There are row upon row of houses, but the outer disciples of Fulu Taoist Academy did not see many of them. Maybe it's because tomorrow is the real start of class.

"Senior Brother Chen, why don't we share a room together, so that we can take care of you in the future. Let's choose a room to live in first, choose a spacious and bright room, or else the rest of the disciples will live in tomorrow, and there will be no room." What a good location."

Chen Wenqing thought for a while, nodded, and said, "That's fine!"

Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai settled down and settled down. After a busy day, the night gradually fell, and it was night.

However, at this time, Chen Wenqing tossed and turned and could not fall asleep. Only then did he realize that choosing to live with Li Youcai was definitely a huge mistake.

Chen Youcai kept turning over, farting, snoring, and talking in sleep all night... without stopping for a moment, Chen Wenqing looked at Li Youcai, who was sleeping soundly on the opposite bed, and his teeth itched with hatred!

"Did I go out of my mind and choose to share a room with him? I will definitely move out tomorrow, I can't take it anymore!"

It's no wonder that Chen Wenqing was aggrieved at this time. After all, he had been in this world for a few days, but he had never really had a good night's sleep. I thought that I could have a good rest today, but I didn't expect such a result.

Hearing the sound of insects chirping outside the window, Chen Wenqing didn't sleep at all. He took out the small bag issued by the academy, and took out a Qi Gathering Pill from it to look at. Only then did Chen Wenqing remember that he seemed to have gotten such a bag from Chen Zhi, the handyman in charge. Moreover, the bag seemed to be full of Qi Gathering Pills.

Chen Wenqing took it out of Chen Zhi's bag, and poured out a pill to compare it with. It was indeed both Qi Gathering Pills, they were exactly the same!

Chen Wenqing looked at the swollen pockets, poured out all the Qi Gathering Pills, and splashed them all over the bed. Chen Wenqing roughly counted, there are more than 300 pieces!

Chen Wenqing was overjoyed when he saw this, but he was also a little worried. He thought, "Chen Zhi is just a handyman in charge. It is obviously very unreasonable to carry so many Qi Gathering Pills with him. There must be some unknown activities!"

Chen Wenqing understands that it is useless to think too much now, and it is more practical to improve one's own strength.

So, he sat up with his legs crossed, and threw a Qi Gathering Pill into his mouth.

Sure enough, he soon felt that the vitality of the world became active, and the speed of gathering and moving Qi was much faster! Then Chen Wenqing flipped through "Qi Lian Jue" casually, and compared it with the previous version. Sure enough, there are too many mistakes and omissions in the "Refinement of Qi" cultivated by the predecessor! After flipping through it for a while, Chen Wenqing put it aside, but instead immersed his mind and visualized the "Shangqing Lingbao Scripture" in his mind and soul.

While taking drugs, Chen Wenqing was practicing the "Shangqing Dadong Sutra", feeling the growing mana every moment, and suddenly felt that defeating the disciples of the Shu Dao Academy in three months did not seem to be a difficult task. .

Although the practice of the Five Elements Miscellaneous Spiritual Root is relatively slow, I believe that with the continuous support of medicinal herbs, it can also become faster.

Chen Wenqing practiced all night, and unknowingly consumed eighty-six Qi Gathering Pills in a row. But Chen Wenqing didn't feel any discomfort, she just wondered why there was no breakthrough in the middle stage of Qi Refining.

"Could it be that the five-element miscellaneous spirit root is really difficult to become a great tool?" Chen Wenqing was a little skeptical about life, and spent a total of eighty-six Qi Gathering Pills. I believe that even a pig can break through to the late stage of Qi Refining!

"Cultivating the Tao pays attention to wealth, spouse, law, and land. Today I finally understand why "wealth" is put in the first place."

Chen Wenqing thought, if there is not enough cultivation resources to support it, the Five Elements Miscellaneous Spiritual Root cannot grow quickly.

Although the failure to break through made Chen Wenqing a little disappointed. However, he discovered one thing, the "Shangqing Dadong Zhenjing" that he practiced did not record advanced techniques, but it was an excellent foundation-building technique. The longer he practiced, the more he could feel the magic of the "Shangqing Dadong Zhenjing".

Chen Wenqing continued to visualize the "Shangqing Dadong Zhenjing", feeling the vitality in the body rushing through the meridians like the roar of a tiger and the chant of a dragon.

At this moment, he suddenly felt a heat between his brows. The medicinal power of Qi Gathering Pill in the body rushed towards the center of the eyebrows quickly, and then the soul felt a tingling pain.

A bloodstain appeared between Chen Wenqing's eyebrows, and the bloodstain was slowly splitting apart, getting bigger and bigger, as if something was about to grow from the bloodstain.

Without warning, the bloodstain on Chen Wenqing's forehead was stretched open, and scarlet blood left from Chen Wenqing's cheek. At this time, a vertical pupil appeared between the eyebrows, and it exuded a golden light, which made people feel the boundless majesty!

Chen Wenqing was shocked!

"This is the eye of the sky!"

"I actually cultivated supernatural powers!"


		