

"Oh, you Taoist priest can also write poems? It can't be doggerel, I advise you not to make it embarrassing."

"All of you here are well-educated poets and well-known talents in the Jiankang Mansion. Everyone has been studying since childhood. Confucianism and Taoism should not be underestimated. Even if you have a small way, you dare to speak wild words. No one in sight?!"

A Confucian scholar couldn't stand it anymore, and angrily reprimanded Chen Wenqing.

Of course, not only the Confucian scholar was angry, but almost all the Confucian scholars and talented scholars present were also furious. They had never seen such an arrogant person!

It can be seen that Chen Wenqing's words angered all the scholars on the fourth floor.

Because, Chen Wenqing confirmed that she was too arrogant, not only arrogant, she was simply arrogant and fucking opened the door for the arrogant, the arrogance has reached home!

"It's too arrogant! If you can write any good poems today, I will leave the words here. If your poems are better than everyone present, I will eat this table!"

The other young master couldn't help but jumped out and said, pointing to the square marble table next to him, full of confidence.

"Heh... the marble stone table can be eaten if you want to eat it. This brother not only has good teeth, but also has a good appetite. I am worried that if you eat it later, you will have indigestion!"

Chen Wenqing laughed, walked to the middle of the boat, and was about to start reciting poems.

at this time.

The fourth floor of Hongxiu Zhao was already full of people, and the melon-eaters squeezed over to join in the fun. They all heard that there was a madman from Jixia Academy, and they didn't know the heights of heaven and earth, and they wanted to challenge the entire Jiankang talents by themselves.

Everyone hears this big melon, can you resist eating it?

Of course I couldn't bear it, so many spectators came up from other floors to open their eyes. Even if the maids with red sleeves tried their best to stop them, they couldn't stop the enthusiasm of the melon-eating crowd to watch the excitement.

"Is that the young master in the black Taoist robe? Wow... he looks really handsome. He is indeed from Jixia Academy, a sacred place of Confucianism and Taoism. Judging by his demeanor and posture, it is unusual!"

"Indeed... Such a personable, romantic appearance melts Laozi's heart. I really want to hold him in my arms and pamper him..."


A burly man with bushy eyebrows, beard, bare breasts, and covered with body hair screamed excitedly.

Everyone looked sideways, and they all felt a cool air coming from the soles of their feet.

"This guy, something is wrong, he looks like a pervert~"

"Stay away from him quickly, and be careful not to be targeted by this pervert."

Soon, a large area was emptied around the thick man.

Chen Wenqing saw that the atmosphere had already increased to this point, and he also wanted to save face for his junior brother Li Youcai.

Now that you have decided to slap the opponent in the face, you should slap the opponent hard. The opponent will have a bruised nose and face, the opponent will no longer be able to lift his head, the opponent will be powerless, and the opponent will doubt his life.

Chinese civilization has a long history, and since ancient times, there are not many poems chanting the moon. Chen Wenqing has already thought about which poems to use to deal with it.

He thought very clearly that the people present here are all talented scholars from Jiankang, not ordinary scholars, and ordinary moon-chanting poems may not be able to calm them down.

Therefore, he decided to be Wang Zha as soon as he made a move, and never let the opponent have any chance to breathe.

"Pindao has three poems chanting the moon. If there is one of you whose poems are better than those of the poor, then the poor will lose."

Chen Wenqing is full of confidence.

"The first song "Quiet Night Thoughts""

"The bright moonlight in front of the bed is suspected to be frost on the ground."

"Looking up at the bright moon, bowing your head and thinking about your hometown."

This poem is actually very simple and very easy to understand, but the simpler the poem, the more difficult it is.

"Quiet Night Thoughts" has no unique and novel imagination, no exquisite and gorgeous rhetoric, but uses a narrative tone to describe the homesickness of distant guests. However, it is meaningful and intriguing. For thousands of years, it has attracted strangers from other places. man of.

After reading Chen Wenqing's "Quiet Night Thoughts", the turbulent four floors have gradually settled down.

Quiet.

All the Jiankang talented people here now look at Chen Wenqing differently.

"This person's accomplishments in poetry cannot be underestimated! Absolutely not to be taken lightly!"

This is the common thought in everyone's mind.

Chen Wenqing didn't care what other people thought, and only started to pretend to be slapped in the face. It was impossible to give up halfway, and soon he read the second poem.

"Mountain Dwelling in Autumn""

"After the new rain in the empty mountains, the weather is late to autumn."

"The bright moon shines among the pines, and the clear spring stones flow upwards."

"The noise of the bamboo goes to Huannu, and the lotus gets off the fishing boat."

"Break free to Chun-fang, Sun-self to stay."

This poem was a famous landscape poem in the previous life. It describes the scenery of dusk after the rain seen in the mountain residence in early autumn.

This poem is like a idyllic paradise, the first rain in the mountains, everything is new, and it is the evening of early autumn, the air is fresh and the scenery is beautiful, you can imagine.

Therefore, as soon as this poem came out, cold sweat began to break out on the foreheads of all the talented scholars in Jiankang.

Especially the one who claimed to eat the marble table just now turned pale with fright.

Since ancient times, literati have looked down on each other, but all scholars are arrogant.

However, after Chen Wenqing's two poems came down, the Confucian scholars present did not dare to put on an arrogant posture in front of him.

Because, they are clear that they absolutely cannot write such two poems through the ages.

At this time, the Jiankang talents present also looked at Chen Wenqing with respect and admiration.

Of course, such a big commotion on the fourth floor has already attracted the attention of the owner of Hongxiu Zhao.

The red sleeve has five layers.

Liu Rumei was lazily lying on the cloud bed, dressed in Sichuan brocade, her breasts were half exposed, her plump, white and greasy legs were looming under the gauze curtain, and the blue silk hanging down like a waterfall, showing thousands of styles.

Beside the cloud bed, a maidservant in blue clothes stood aside, holding two pages of paper slips, and on the paper slips were the poems that Chen Wenqing had just recited.

""Quiet Night Thoughts" is a great poem!"

""Mountain Dwelling in Autumn" is an even better poem!"

"It's been so many years since I've read such a poem!"

Liu Rumei's lazy voice came out, it was like the voice of a swallow's voice, and it was as mellow and clear as a sparrow antelope.

"Among the talented scholars in Jiankang, there is no one who can write such a poem. I don't know who the writer of this poem is."

"Blue Bird, do you know?"

Liu Rumei asked with surprise in her voice.

"The person who wrote this poem is a young master wearing a dark blue Taoist robe. I heard that he came from Jixia Academy, the master of the prince..."

Bluebird replied.

"Jixia Academy? That's how it is. Jixia Academy is worthy of being a sacred place of Confucianism and Taoism. It is worthy of its name to have such talents."

"Qingniao, wash and change clothes for me quickly, I'm going down to meet this young master in person..."

Liu Rumei was impatient, and there was a look of anticipation in her eyes.

At this time, the red sleeve moves to the fourth floor.

Chen Wenqing untied the wine gourd wrapped around his waist, opened the mouth of the gourd, and immediately a strong smell of wine permeated the entire fourth-floor space.

"If you only have peerless poetry, how can you do it if you don't have peerless wine to accompany it?"

Chen Wenqing raised her head and took a sip of the fine wine.

Inadvertently, he saw a peerless beauty walking down from the fifth floor of the red sleeve, as if she was alone in the world, like a fairy who descended from the moon, Chen Wenqing couldn't help but feel flustered.

"Hahaha…"

Chen Wenqing looked up to the sky and laughed, "With such a moonlight, such a beauty, such a beautiful day, and the peerless wine in Pindao's hands, it is worthy of this peerless poem!"

"Next, I will let you know what kind of poems are worthy of immortality!"

""Water Tune Getou, When Will the Moon Come""

This famous song through the ages is about to debut!


		