

In Zixia Temple, except for the direct disciples. If it comes to who is the most famous, then Zhang Qian's name must not escape the answer.

Everyone knows that although Zhang Qian is known as "the number one disciple of the outer sect".

Although it is said to be the number one in the outer sect, in fact, in terms of its cultivation and combat power, even if it is compared with the core disciples of the inner sect, it is at least the top three.

Two years ago, Zhang Qian was born out of nowhere, entered Zixia Temple for half a year and became the number one disciple of the outer sect; after another half a year, even the top ten core disciples of the inner sect were no match for Zhang Qian.

Later, Zhang Qian challenged Xu Yan, who was second in the inner sect at that time, in the grand competition of Zixia Guanzong sect, and won the battle.

As soon as this matter came out, it immediately caused a huge sensation! Even the main and deputy main viewers of the Zixia Temple favored him.

Later, he challenged Wang Changjin, who was number one in the inner sect, only to be defeated by him.

Zhang Qian's Zongmen Grand Competition can be said to be the most exciting one in Zixia Temple in the past hundred years.

Zhang Qian became famous because of this, and Gu Jing, the deputy master of Zixia Temple, once wanted to accept him as a personal disciple.

But later, he was rejected by Zhang Qian with the reason of "not being the first, not being in the personal biography".

Zhang Qian entered the Tao with martial arts, no matter what kind of kung fu, he can master it as soon as he learns it, and he can master it in a short time. He is definitely the kind of existence with unparalleled talent.

Now, a year has passed since the last Zongmen Grand Competition. As for Zhang Qian's current cultivation level and combat power, no one knows.

Speaking of this Zongmen Grand Competition, if there is anyone that no one wants to face, it is undoubtedly Zhang Qian.

Of course, Chen Wenqing didn't think so.

Because, Zhang Qian is Chen Wenqing's first friend since time travel. It can be said that Zhang Qian contributed a lot to Chen Wenqing's success today. Zhang Qian also has a good eye and knowledge, and he has guided Chen Wenqing a lot along the way.

at this time.

As soon as Chen Wenqing stood still in the questioning field, he heard a sound of breaking through the air.

On the top of the mountain in the distance, a figure dressed in white came from the sky. After only a few breaths, he floated down and stood in front of Chen Wenqing.

"Hahaha... Junior Brother Chen! I haven't seen you for more than a month, and your demeanor is even better than before. I haven't had time to congratulate you, Junior Brother, for entering the Golden Core Stage."

It was Zhang Qian who came.

When Zhang Qian saw Chen Wenqing, a smile appeared on his resolute face, and he was free and easy, with a heroic spirit.

"I have seen my brother..."

Chen Wenqing saluted Zhang Qian, "A few days ago, I was lucky enough to break through to the Golden Core stage, I am really ashamed. Compared with senior brother, I am still far behind..."

Zhang Qian waved his hand and said, "There is no such thing as luck for a cultivator."

"Junior Brother Chen is one of the many people I have met who can break through to the Golden Core stage with the talent of the Five Elements Miscellaneous Spiritual Root. Therefore, it shows that Junior Brother Chen is a person with great wisdom, great perseverance, and great luck..."

"Senior Brother Zhang has won the prize, a little achievement is not worth mentioning..."

Zhang Qian kept smiling, walked over and patted Chen Wenqing on the shoulder, and found that Chen Wenqing had grown as tall as him after not seeing him for a while.

"Junior Brother Chen, when did you return to the Zixia Temple? Why didn't you know me when you came back?"

Zhang Qian complained and said, "If I hadn't played against you this time, I wouldn't have known you were back..."

Chen Wenqing said with a smile: "I just came back a few days ago. After I came back, I have been practicing in seclusion and preparing for this sect competition, so I haven't had time to meet my senior brother..."

"I see!"

Zhang Qian nodded and said, "It's good that you come back!"

"It just so happens that I have an important matter here and I need someone to help me. However, Zixia thinks that there are too few people I trust. After much deliberation, only you, the younger brother, are the most suitable..."

Chen Wenqing asked: "I don't know what is the important matter, please do not hesitate to order, brother."

Zhang Qian said: "Before I entered the Zixia Temple, I was a silver-medal arrester of the Jin State Black Ice Platform's arrest department."

"I received news that the brother who was born and died with me at the beginning seems to have encountered evil spirits in his family."

"This evil is extraordinary. My brother is now a gold-medal headhunter, with strong energy and blood. Ordinary evil spirits dare not approach him. But the letter clearly stated that he couldn't deal with it, and he needed me to rescue him..."

Chen Wenqing understood clearly, and said, "What is the origin of this evil spirit, so powerful?"

"It seems that the above is related..." Zhang Qian pointed to the sky and said in a low voice.

"However, it is inconvenient to mention the specific details in the letter. You will know when you go."

After speaking, he handed a letter to Chen Wenqing.

"Ten days later, it's time for my battle with Wang Changjin. This battle is related to my breaking through the Golden Core Realm and entering the stage of leaving my body. Therefore, it is extremely important to me. I can't go down the mountain, so this matter has to be resolved." please."

Chen Wenqing took the letter and said loudly: "Brother helped me a lot. Your business is my business."

"Brother Zhang, don't worry, after this big competition is over, I'll start right away..."

at this time.

asked in the field.

Seeing Chen Wenqing and Zhang Qian meeting each other, everyone started chatting, as if they were very familiar with each other.

Everyone waited for a long time, but there was no movement of fighting, so they couldn't help feeling a little impatient.

but.

A small number of people have discovered that Zhang Qian seems to have a close relationship with Chen Wenqing.

"These two are really...do they still fight..."

"That's right... I haven't seen Senior Brother Zhang Qian make a move yet? I want to see it this time!"

"It is rumored that Senior Brother Zhang Qian entered the Dao and has extraordinary combat power. That Chen Wenqing is definitely not the enemy of Senior Brother Zhang."

"When are they going to dawdle until..."


Zhang Qian has already explained the information about his friend to Chen Wenqing.

Then, he threw out a crescent-shaped jade pendant and said, "This is my token. Together with my friend's token, the two will form a full moon. Whoever sees this token will trust you unconditionally."

Chen Wenqing took the crescent-shaped jade pendant and said, "Your brother understands, please rest assured. I will definitely do my best in this matter."

Zhang Qian laughed loudly and said: "Okay, Junior Brother Chen. I can't wait for the senior brothers from other Taoist schools."

"Since we've finished talking about business, it's just a good time to stretch your muscles. I also want to see how much my junior brother's supernatural powers have grown since I haven't seen you for a while..."

When Chen Wenqing heard this, his mind moved, and the Dragon Slaying Sword in his hand let out a dragon cry, flew out of the scabbard, and floated in the air.

"Senior brother, I am ashamed. I have just mastered the first form of the dragon-slaying sword technique, and I want to teach my senior brother a lot..."

"Oh? You have already learned the first move of the dragon-slaying sword?" Zhang Qian asked in surprise.

After all, the dragon-slaying sword technique is said to be a sword technique that no one has been able to learn for five hundred years.

And Chen Wenqing said just now that he has mastered the first move of the Dragon Slaying Sword. It has to be said that Chen Wenqing's comprehension is also extremely high.

"Since that's the case, then I'll ask my junior brother to teach me the dragon-slaying sword technique!"

After Zhang Qian finished speaking, he held his hands together, and a treasured knife like a cold moon appeared in his hand.

"The name of this knife is Lengyue, and it weighs one hundred and eight catties and seventy-three coins. It is said that the blade of this knife is forged from the cold iron of the Dragon Palace in the North Sea, the handle is made of a thousand-year-old phoenix tree in the West Mountain, and the blade is inlaid with two real dragon teeth. , the blade is sharpened with the blood of a thousand-year-old monster."

"When the sword is completed, the three thunders gather, the divine light shines, and the hair breaks..."

Chen Wenqing heard the words, and also introduced: "This is the dragon-slaying sword, it is based on..."

"Eh... this is the Dragon Slaying Sword!"

"The Dragon Slaying Sword is a divine sword, that..."

Chen Wenqing had just started, but found that she knew nothing about Dragon Slaying Sword, and she didn't even know how to play it...

Looking at Chen Wenqing's embarrassed look, Zhang Qian couldn't help but see a black line appearing on his forehead, feeling powerless to complain.

"It's hard to pretend to be an X in front of the public... It's over now. Over the years, my aloof and glorious image has been ruined by Chen Wenqing..."

Zhang Qian looked at Chen Wenqing with a look of lovelessness and said: "Forget it, junior brother, you should not force yourself."

"Junior brother, should you make a move first?"

After Zhang Qian finished speaking, he looked up to the sky with Leng Yue Dao and sighed, "Wealth is unassuming, like brocade clothes walking at night..."


		