

Cheng Jiaoyu finally stabilized his mood. Holding the rain-seeking talisman, he asked in a trembling voice, "Wen Qing, how did you do it? Have you ever learned talismans before?"

Chen Wenqing looked at the excited Cheng Jiaoyu, and said, "No, it's the first time I've drawn this talisman. But for some reason, I seem to have an innate intuition for drawing talismans. I think that's how talismans should be drawn. right!"

"Hahaha... that's great! I just said that you are extremely talented, as expected. You can succeed in drawing a talisman for the first time. You should be a disciple of my talisman Taoist school by nature. You are a genius who practices the way of talismans. !"

At this time, the disciples of Fulu Taoist Academy were all boiling!

They all know that there is a kind of person in the world who is called a "genius". But he never thought that the genius was beside him, and he was also a disciple of Fuluyuan.

Actually, Chen Wenqing lied just now. He has drawn talismans and is very familiar with rain talismans. In his previous life, as an archaeologist, he spent three years studying Taoist scriptures, talismans, footwork, and Taoist incantations in order to study the "Book of Heaven".

However, because the aura of the heaven and earth in the previous life has been exhausted, there is no aura that can be used to draw talismans, so the talismans at that time were empty and tangible.

But now, Chen Wenqing not only has the mid-stage cultivation base of qi refining, but also has the aura of heaven and earth that can be called, and also has mastered the skill of celestial eye, which can be nuanced. This can be said to be the right time, place and people, so it is not a problem to draw the "Rain Prayer" smoothly.

Chen Wenqing looked thoughtfully at the drizzle outside the window, and the light rain outside the window was brought about by this "rain-seeking talisman". Due to Chen Wenqing's limited magic power, the light rain only lasted for a cup of tea before it stopped.

Although the light rain stopped, Chen Wenqing's eyes became brighter and brighter.

"Since the rain-seeking talisman is useful, does that mean that other talismans can also be used?"

Chen Wenqing counted the talismans he had learned in his previous life in his mind, and there were already hundreds of them. For example, house-suppressing talisman, feng shui talisman, ghost-suppressing talisman, talisman for killing evil spirits, talisman for suppressing evil spirits, and so on, and so on.

"In addition to the talismans, can the eight great mantras of that Taoism also be used? For example, the spiritual mantra for purifying the mind, the mantra for purifying the body, and the most powerful golden light mantra?"

At this moment, Chen Wenqing felt that his coming to Fulu Daoist Academy seemed to be the best choice. Chen Wenqing came here with the Taoism's skills, talismans, and Taoism from the previous life. All kinds of Taoism will be the foundation for Chen Wenqing to settle down in this world.

Chen Wenqing is not sure whether the Taoism learned in the previous life will overlap in this world. For example, the rain talisman drawn just now is no different from the previous life.

"Wenqing, you are the hope of our Fulu Taoist Academy! We have just decided that we will use all the resources of the Fulu Academy to help you, so that you can revive the glory of the Fulu Taoist Academy. If you have any requests, just ask, we will do our best I will do my best to satisfy you."

At this time, eight people from the Fulu Taoist Academy, including the teaching instructions, were surrounding Chen Wenqing in the middle, looking at Chen Wenqing eagerly, for fear that Chen Wenqing would leave the Fulu Taoist Academy at this time.

Chen Wenqing looked at the senior brothers, and said with a slight smile: "Please rest assured, Jiaoyu and senior brothers, since Wen Qing has joined the Fulu Taoist Academy, then I am a member of the Fulu Taoist Academy, and Chen Wenqing will definitely share honor and disgrace with everyone."

"As for what Cheng Jiaoyu just said about pouring all resources on me, there is no need for this. Now, the resources of Fulu Daoyuan are already very tight, and everyone's cultivation resources are insufficient. How can I take advantage of others? What about the matter? I will find a way to solve the matter of cultivation resources, please rest assured!"

Chen Wenqing bowed deeply to Cheng Jiaoyu and said, "I do have something I want to ask Cheng Jiaoyu. I hope that Jiaoyu can help you get a token that can enter and exit the Zixia Temple Sutra Pavilion. This is the only thing I ask for. The edict allows."

"Haha. I thought it was something, it turned out to be this thing, I can promise you now!"

As Cheng Yu said, he immediately took off the identity badge representing the teaching instruction from his waist and handed it to Chen Wenqing, saying: "Wenqing, you can use this identity badge to go in and out of the first floor of the Buddhist scriptures pavilion. As for the second floor of the Buddhist scriptures pavilion and Level 3, I don’t have the relevant authority right now, I’ll figure out a way for you in the future!”

Chen Wenqing took the badge and said, "Thank you for your instruction, Wenqing!"


In this way, Chen Wenqing settled down in Fulu Taoist Academy with peace of mind. Except for the morning class and evening class to practice every day, I spend the rest of the time in the Sutra Pavilion.

In addition to reading a large number of Taoist scriptures, spells and talismans in the Sutra Pavilion every day, Chen Wenqing also has a clearer understanding of the customs and customs of this world, as well as the forces of all parties.

Although Chen Wenqing has the memory of a little Taoist priest, the little Taoist priest himself has a very one-sided understanding of this world, and a lot of information is wrong. After all, little Taoist priests have extremely limited knowledge.

From the historical biographies in the Cangjing Pavilion, we know that this is a world called Kyushu.

In the world of Kyushu, there are four continents. They are Dongshengshenzhou, Xiniuhezhou, Nanfangbuzhou and Beijuluzhou.

Zixia Temple is located in the territory of Jin State in Dongsheng Shenzhou. It is a medium-sized Taoism sect in Jin State, and it also belongs to the middle reaches among Taoist forces.

Now, as the leader of Taoism. The most important one is Longhushan Tianshi Mansion.

Longhushan Tianshi Mansion is the ancestral court of Taoism. From Zhang Zu, the first celestial master, it has been handed down for 23 generations, a total of more than 3,000 years. There are three mountain talismans in Tianshi Mansion, namely the Zhengyi School, the Shangqing School, and the Lingbao School. These three sects are all great sects of Taoism in the world, but they are all under the Tianshi Mansion of Longhu Mountain.

Therefore, everyone in the world said: "All the Taoists in the world are full of dragons and tigers!"

In addition, there is the Shenxiao faction located on the top of Tianshan Mountain.

The Shenxiao Sect Dojo is known by the world as the closest blessed place to the immortals.

"Tao Zang" has a cloud: "Go up to the sky and go to millions of places. In the realm of the sky, the blue sky is the only thing. I don't know the blue sky, but the soil lives. Besides, this real land has nothing to do. Door."

The Shenxiao faction majors in Leifa.

Everyone in the world knows that the five thunders of Shenxiao Tiangang are the most powerful spells for Taoist attacks, and they are the nemesis of all evil spirits.

The so-called "cumulative clouds form the sky, held by rigid energy. The shoes are like cotton, and ten thousand junctures can be supported. The jade platform has a thousand kalpas, and the grand tower is covered with eight layers. The Brahma energy rides on it, although it is tall but not towering. There is real soil inside, and the divine power is solid. Too one essence, the world cannot know."

It is said that Zixia Temple is also one of the branches of Shenxiao sect. Zixia Temple has "Five Thunders" as the highest technique. This method has been personally preserved by the masters of the past dynasties, but now the "Five Thunders Law" is in the hands of Yuan Shouzheng, the master of Zixia Temple.

While practicing Taoism, Chen Wenqing went to the Cangjing Pavilion to read a lot of books. With the help of heavenly eyes, Chen Wenqing read books very fast. Half a month later, the books on the first floor of Zangshu Pavilion have basically been read by Chen Wenqing.

With Chen Wenqing's practice of talismans and Taoism, he finally broke through the middle stage of Qi refining and reached the late stage of Qi refining. However, all Qi Gathering Pills have been used up.

"I didn't expect the impurity spirit roots of the five elements to consume so much medicine. It has been consumed in half a month. Without the assistance of the Qi Gathering Pill in the past two days, I can't make any progress in cultivation."

Chen Wenqing just finished training, stood up, and sighed softly: "It seems that I have to go to receive some tasks. Otherwise, I don't know when I will be able to break through to the foundation-building stage. There are still two and a half months to go and get some quests. It's time for the competition at the Academy of Arts."

"This is my first battle, Chen Wenqing, and it is also a battle to rectify the name of Fuluyuan. I must not lose!"

Chen Wenqing immediately stopped practicing and walked towards the monastic room of Fulu Academy. He planned to bring Li Youcai together to prepare for the task and obtain the cultivation resources. Although Li Youcai's mind is not very bright, after half a month of getting along, he found that he is more reliable in dealing with people. The most important thing is that Chen Wenqing is not familiar with the state of Jin, and he needs a living map to guide him.

Moreover, although Li Youcai's aptitude for cultivating Taoism is not bad, not to mention he has a good hand in Confucianism, the two of them can work together to ensure safety.

Chen Wenqing found Li Youcai in the monastic room, and explained why he planned to receive some tasks. He thought that Li Youcai would shirk, but he didn't expect to agree directly.

"Senior Brother Chen, you want to go down the mountain? Then you must take me with you. I have been on the mountain for half a month. I haven't made any progress in my talisman practice. I can just go down the mountain to find inspiration."

"Going down the mountain to find inspiration? This saying is new. It's the first time I heard that one needs to find inspiration to practice talismans."

Li Youcai blushed when Chen Wenqing teased him, and he was still a little shy. He scratched his head and said, "Brother, I haven't gone down the mountain for a long time. Take me with you. I am very familiar with the nineteenth Dao of Jin, so I can just guide you. Otherwise, I will definitely not be able to go down the mountain alone, and Cheng Jiaoyu will definitely not agree."

Chen Wenqing patted Li Youcai on the shoulder and said, "Okay! Let's make some preparations and go down the mountain tomorrow!"


		