

Chen Wenqing heard the words and said: "The six reincarnations are so chaotic? According to Qin Chenghuang, the underworld moved from the ground to the human world in order to maintain order in the human world?"

Qin Chenghuang nodded, and said: "Nowadays, the world is like a purgatory, and we can only hide in Dongsheng Shenzhou."

"Beiju Luzhou has become the ancestral land of zombies. There is the zombie ancestor Kuiba, and the generals lead the group of zombies, who are immortal; Xiniu Hezhou has the demon god Hydra, who leads all the monsters to make trouble; there is also Beiju Luzhou Ghost Emperor Jue". Dust, commanding the ghost kings of the five directions, lives in Youdu Ghost Emperor City."

"However, whether it's the Zombies, Monsters or Ghosts, they all bully the Human Race to be weak, invade the Human Race from time to time, feed on the living people, and the people of the Li people are living in dire straits."

"The world is so chaotic, what is the plan of the gods in the sky?" Chen Wenqing was puzzled.

"The gods in the sky can't control it!"

"The passage between the heaven and the human world has been cut off, and the gods can't descend to the earth. The gods in the sky can't do anything, and they can only watch the world, the underworld, and demons and ghosts fight to death!"

"Eight hundred years ago, my City God was also the county magistrate of Liucheng County, protecting the people of this area. Because he died in the struggle with the demon clan, after his death, he was canonized as the City God by the Emperor of the People at that time, and was enshrined in Liuchen County."

"The City God is a yin god, and is no longer under the jurisdiction of the emperor in the world. Now, the county magistrate manages the affairs of the world, and the city god manages the affairs of demons and ghosts."

When Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai heard the words, both of them were in awe, and Chen Wenqing couldn't help sighing:

"To live as a hero and shepherd the common people, to die as a hero to protect the people!"

"Big man, it should be so!"


Now that the official seal has been found, Chen Wenqing took Li Youcai and Xiao Huihui to leave after handing over the tasks to Wang County Magistrate.

However, the rat demon was detained by the city god for stealing the official seal, and was not executed immediately. But the rat demon is not far from death, after all, the rat demon's lifespan is exhausted.

And because Xiao Huihui has already signed the spirit beast contract of "Sacrifice Seal" with Chen Wenqing. Originally, Xiao Huihui was seriously injured by the thunder calamity, but because of the "sacrifice of sacrifice", her body has already recovered.

For Chen Wenqing, the "Sacrifice Seal" does not seem to be without any benefits! After all, because of the "Sacrifice Seal", half of Chen Wenqing's lifespan was forcibly divided by Xiao Huihui!

"Senior brother, what do you think the mouse demon is for? Not to mention taking away your luck and longevity, and now you have to wander around with a mop bottle."

Chen Wenqing's current lifespan is only about fifty years, but he is not really worried. Because, as Chen Wenqing's cultivation base increases, his lifespan will also increase.

"What oil bottle? Is that what the oil bottle is used for? It's nonsense! Anyway, Xiao Huihui saved my life, and I also promised his grandfather to take good care of him. So, in the future, this kind of Don't talk any more."

Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai walked in front side by side, leaving Xia Huihui to follow slowly behind, looking quite pitiful lonely.

Chen Wenqing looked back at Xiao Huihui, thought of her life experience, walked up to Xiao Huihui, and said: "Xiao Huihui, I know what my junior brother said just now, you heard it."

"Don't worry, Xiao Huihui. Since I promised your grandfather, I will take good care of you. You can treat me as your big brother from now on, and I will be your relative from now on!" Chen Wenqing patted Xiao Huihui shoulders.

When Xiao Huihui heard the words, her eyes filled with tears, she nodded vigorously, and said, "Xiao Huihui understands, thank you big brother."

Chen Wenqing smiled when she heard the words, held Xiao Huihui's hand, and said, "Let's go, we still have the next task to complete."

Xiao Huihui followed Chen Wenqing for a few steps, but suddenly stopped and said.

"Brother, I suddenly remembered something. In the ruined temple where you found me and grandpa, there were some things my grandpa and I hid."

"Although these things are of no use to us, I heard that humans like them very much. These things are also of no use to monsters, I almost forgot."

"It's not far ahead. It happens to be the ruined temple where my grandfather and I used to live. Brother, why don't we go there to see what Xiao Huihui collected before, and see if there is something that Big Brother likes."

When Li Youcai heard it, his heart moved and he said: "I heard that Xiao Huihui is a treasure hunting mouse, so it is true that he has hidden some treasures, right? Brother, why don't we go and have a look together?"

Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai followed Xiao Huihui to the ruined temple. The ruined temple was the same as before. Li Youcai searched for a long time, but couldn't find any treasure hidden in the ruined temple.

Chen Wenqing looked at Li Youcai's lost look, and joked: "The mouse hides things, how can it be so easy to find. What's more, Xiao Huihui is a treasure hunting mouse, and the things hidden are definitely not so easy to find. But speaking, I I'm also quite curious about what kind of good things Xiao Huihui has hidden."

Xiao Huihui pulled Chen Wenqing's sleeve and said: "Hehehe, Uncle Li can't find it, so you should look for it too. See if you can find what Xiao Huihui hid."

"What uncle? You have to call me big brother too!"

"You call your elder brother elder brother, but you call me uncle?"

"Why do you look so old? My name is uncle. You are older than elder brother."

Chen Wenqing smiled and shook her head, seeing that Xiao Huihui seemed to have calmed down about his grandfather.

"Okay, then the eldest brother will also come and look for it, and see what treasure Xiao Huihui has hidden!"

Chen Wenqing's mind was moved, and he visualized the "Shangqing Lingbao Scripture" to move Qi to the upper dantian.

"Sky eyes, open!"

A beam of golden light shot out from Chen Wenqing's sky eyes. Chen Wenqing looked around, but found no trace of the hidden treasure.

"Treasure hunting mouse, it's really extraordinary! With the light in my eyes this day, I didn't even find the treasure. Sure enough, my cultivation base is a little lower!"

In the end, Chen Wenqing still failed to find out the treasure. This also really shows how powerful Xiao Huihui is.

"Haha, Xiao Huihui is really amazing! Eldest brother didn't find Xiao Huihui's treasure, let Xiao Huihui reveal the mystery to elder brother!"

Xiao Huihui was overjoyed when she heard the words, and said, "Brother, look here!"

After finishing speaking, Xiao Huihui came to the Buddhist altar, but at this time the Buddhist altar was empty.

Xiao Huihui stretched out her finger, and saw a black light emanating from her fingertips and poked it lightly, but the top of the Buddhist altar seemed to be broken like a mirror, revealing a black hole.

Seeing this, Li Youcai stepped forward quickly, reaching out to grab the black hole...

The first one took out a money bag, which was bulging. When I opened it, it turned out to be a lot of money, which seemed to be at least nearly a hundred taels; A few words, and the third one caught out turned out to be a precious sword with a simple and simple body...

The inside of the cave is like a treasure chest, treasures are constantly being grabbed out, and Li Youcai's face is getting more and more excited!

"Get rich! Hahahaha..."

Li Youcai looked at the treasures all over the place, looked up to the sky and laughed loudly, hugging Xiao Huihui and couldn't put it down!

Chen Wenqing was also very happy. Taoism emphasizes "wealth, spouse, law, and land". It seems that the biggest problem has been solved. Chen Wenqing believes that there is Xiao Huihui. Then, there should be no shortage of resources for future practice!

Chen Wenqing held a bottle full of "Qi Xing Pill" in his left hand, and a crystal stone in his right hand, and he was determined.

"Qi Xing Pill" is the main elixir used by Foundation Establishment monks in their practice, and its main effect is to speed up the flow of Qi. Chen Wenqing was worrying about how to practice after the foundation was established. But I didn't expect that this bottle of "Qi Xing Pill" came just in time when I was dozing off with a pillow!

And the right hand held this crystal-clear blue-green stone, if Chen Wenqing was good, it should be a "spiritual stone". Holding this spirit stone, Chen Wenqing could feel the majestic aura coming from the spirit stone.

"Xiao Huihui's cultivation level is still relatively low, and she has such luck. If she grows up in the future, it will bring great benefits. It's unimaginable!"

Five Elements Miscellaneous Spiritual Roots need to consume much more natural materials and earthly treasures than ordinary monks. With the help of Treasure Hunting Mouse, this matter can get twice the result with half the effort!

"However, as a treasure hunter, Xiao Huihui has many coveters. It seems that improving her cultivation is the most important thing, otherwise she might not even be able to protect Xiao Huihui."

While Chen Wenqing was overjoyed, she felt a faint sense of crisis. "Every man is innocent, but pregnant is guilty!". If there is no strength, then everything will fail.

Chen Wenqing and others packed up all their treasures and prepared to set off again. His goal was very clear, and that was Wangjiazhuang, three hundred miles away. Li Youcai walked in front with the treasure on his back, and the three of them left the ruined temple and walked towards Wangjiazhuang with spring breeze on their faces.

The three traveled quickly, passing through more than ten villages along the way. However, they found that these villages were almost empty, and even saw several small roads leading to the villages covered with bones.

"There is no chicken crowing for thousands of miles, and the bones are exposed in the wild."

Chen Wenqing didn't quite understand the true meaning of this sentence before, but today she saw it with her own eyes.

Li Youcai looked at Chen Wenqing who was standing on the side of the road in front of him, stood motionless for a long time, and let out a long sigh: "The city of Liuchen County is protected by luck and the city god, and the people live better at dawn. And this small village , without the protection of the Yin God. It is very likely that a monster, or a Yin soldier crossing the border, will kill the entire village."

Chen Wenqing understood what Li Youcai said. Chen Wenqing came here through time travel, and many memories of her predecessor, a little Taoist priest, are blurred. But there is only one thing that the little Taoist priest remembers very clearly, that is, the parents and relatives of Chen Xiaotao priest's predecessor also died when the Yin soldiers crossed the border!

Chen Wenqing stopped, and the three of them sorted out the scattered bones in the village.

The dead are dead, buried in peace.

Along the way, Chen Wenqing was very silent, and Chen Wenqing didn't speak until sunset.

"Let's rest in this Taoist temple tonight. It's not convenient to travel as night falls!"

After speaking, Chen Wenqing and others walked into the Taoist temple.

This is a dilapidated Taoist temple, obviously it has been abandoned for many years.

More than half of the zenith collapsed, and a little bit of starlight leaked down. The tall branches of the Taoist temple leaned down, and the mottled tree shadows were reflected on the bluestone patio, and weeds were overgrown in the cracks between the broken stones.

The statues of the Sanqing Gods in front of the main hall were covered with cobwebs, and the wind was blowing from the collapsed wall in the west, and the crisscross cobwebs trembled and trembled crazily in the howling cold wind.

Accompanied by the bonfire, Chen Wenqing immersed himself in practice and practiced silently. Li Youcai looked at Chen Wenqing who was practicing, and a young man's face was reflected in the firelight.

"Senior brother, I have a doubt that I haven't figured out so far. I hope senior brother can clear it up." Li Youcai broke the loneliness of the night.

Chen Wenqing opened his eyes, looked at Li Youcai and said, "Junior Brother Youcai, if you have any doubts, just speak up."

"Senior brother, who taught you the "Fingering Earth into Steel" talisman, "Four Spirit Formation Banner", "Sky Eye", "Monster Hunting Talisman", and "Golden Light Curse"? No way!"

Chen Wenqing was taken aback when he heard the words, but he didn't expect that Li Youcai would ask such a question.

Indeed, the talismans and Taoism used by Chen Wenqing are not recorded in the Fulu Taoist Academy.

Because, what Chen Wenqing used was not the Taoism of the Nine Provinces, but the Taoism learned in his previous life. Li Youcai had never seen it before, so it was normal.

"Junior Brother Cai, do you want to hear the story about Grandpa White Beard?" Chen Wenqing thought for a while and found a reason to fool him, so he asked with a smile.

"Grandpa with white beard?"

"what is that?"


		