

The old monk clasped his hands together and proclaimed the Buddha's name, "Amitabha!"

"The poor monk did not expect that although the Taoist priest is a Taoist priest, he is very familiar with my Buddhist classics, which shows that the wisdom root is extraordinary. Since the Taoist priest has such a buddhism, why not abandon Taoism and join the Zen Yin Temple?"

The old monk followed the guidance and continued: "There are hundreds of monks in Chanyin Temple, and the incense is at its peak. If the little Taoist leader is willing to join Chanyin Temple, I, the head of Chanyin Temple's Governor Hall, the head of Precepts Hall, and the head of Dharma Hall, can choose freely!"

"Hahaha...", Chen Wenqing laughed loudly: "Why old monk, can't you even answer such a simple question as Xiaodao?"

"Amitabha! Since the Taoist leader is unwilling, then the poor monk will not force others. Today, the poor monk will talk about the scriptures and Buddhism with the little Taoist priest, so as to teach the little Taoist priest to know the profoundness of Buddhism, and my Buddha is merciful!"

The old monk paid homage to the golden body of the Buddha in the Mahavira Hall, and said: "The only Buddha in the world is Sakyamuni Buddha. Nanwu Master Sakyamuni Buddha made this vow in the Saha world, and the five turbid worlds are ready-made Buddha, revealing Buddhism, saving all living beings. Buddha is a person who has completed the practice of virtue and wisdom. He escapes from the cycle of the six realms, lives the same life as the heaven and earth, and shines with the sun and the moon!"

Chen Wenqing smiled and said, "Old monk, you recite Amitabha Buddha, but Sakyamuni Buddha is the only one who speaks Buddha. It can be seen that you don't even understand the difference between these two Buddhas."

"Sakyamuni Buddha is the leader of the Saha world; Amitabha Buddha is not the Buddha of our world, but the leader of the Western Paradise."

Chen Wenqing said: "In the vast world, everyone can become a Buddha!"

"The so-called Buddha does not specifically refer to a certain person or a certain Buddha; it refers to the three who are self-aware, aware of others, and enlightened to perfection. That is, those who have obtained great wisdom, great compassion, and great good fortune are Buddhas."

"All appearances are illusory. If you see that there are no appearances, you will see the Tathagata." Chen Wenqing said sarcastically, "Monk, the Buddha you have studied is too narrow!"

"Flowers meet me, I see Tathagata!",

Chen Wenqing pointed to the people in the main hall and said: "The Buddha is me, and I am the Buddha! Everything in the world has Buddha nature, and they can all become Buddhas!"

The old monk was teased and refuted by Chen Wenqing, his calm face twitched, but he calmed down again after a while.

"It seems that this old monk hasn't learned much Buddhism, but he has learned a lot about thick skin!"

Seeing that the old monk remained calm, Chen Wenqing urged: "Old monk, since you can't answer the first question. Then, you can continue to answer Pindao's second question!"

"The Buddha said that all living beings are equal, so why divide Buddhas into three, six, and nine classes?"

The old monk has already understood Chen Wenqing's first question. The little Taoist in front of him has profound attainments in Buddhism, if he answers incorrectly, he will continue to lose face.

I saw that the old monk pondered for a long time, and finally said: "The Buddha said that all living beings are equal, but there are three, six or nine degrees of fruit status."

The old monk said: "Divided according to the fruit position, the Buddha is the great saint who realizes self-awareness, perceives others, and realizes the perfection of actions, truthfully knows and sees the nature of all dharmas, and achieves perfect enlightenment."

"The bodhisattva refers to the two realms of self-awareness and awareness of others, but has not yet reached the perfection of enlightenment. Arhats, that is, those who are self-conscious, are lower than Buddhas and Bodhisattvas, and are the third class..."

The old monk wanted to continue talking at this time, but was interrupted by Chen Wenqing, saying: "Old monk, you have already said something wrong, there is no need to continue talking! What you said is the teachings of Hinayana Buddhism, which is too narrow , not Mahayana Buddhism."

There is a saying in Mahayana Buddhism: "All things in the universe have the same source, and all beings are equal and share one mind."

"I salute you because of me!"

Chen Wenqing said: "The so-called equality of all living beings means that all living beings are equal to the Buddha. When all living beings visit the Buddha, it is not the Buddha who pays homage, but all the living beings themselves."

"Buddha is me, I am Buddha!"

"The so-called, if the Buddha has the appearance of self, human beings, sentient beings, and longevity, he is not a Buddha. Without the appearance of self, human beings, living beings, and longevity, he will realize Bodhi!"

"Old monk, it seems that you have not been able to answer this poor man's question."

Everyone in the Great Hall, including the monks, looked at the old monk suspiciously, but the old monk was speechless, not knowing how to refute.

at this time.

The short, fat man in the county magistrate's uniform came out more and more, pointed at Chen Wenqing and said.

"Ignorant little Taoist priest, Master Kongming is an eminent monk, how can he not even understand these Buddhist principles? The master is magnanimous, and he doesn't want to care about the small way, but this county will not allow you to mess around here and talk nonsense!"

Chen Wenqing turned her head, looked at the person in front of her, and said in a cold voice: "You are the Magistrate Chen of Heitie County, right? As a local parent official, you are not working in the yamen right now, so why come to this Chanyin Temple?"

"Hmph! Little Taoist priest, you dare to be so arrogant when you see this county. Who gave you the courage to intervene in the county's government affairs? What does this county do, and you can't allow me to make irresponsible remarks."

The county magistrate of Qin looked arrogant, and he seemed to be used to drinking and eating meat with the monks of Chanyin Temple.

"The light of the Buddha in Chanyin Temple shines everywhere, protecting the people of Heitie County, and benefiting one side. This place is the pure land of Buddhism, and you can't tolerate a mere Taoist priest running wild!"

"Is this also called the universal illumination of Buddha's light, benefiting one side?"

Chen Wenqing shook his head and said: "Buddhas in Chanyin Temple don't care about production, they are sitting on huge wealth, they deceive people with lies, they are greedy and hypocritical. On the surface, they chant scriptures and praise Buddha, but they secretly eat, drink, prostitute and gamble. This is what you call benefiting one party." people?"

"Bold! Thieves, if you still dare to confuse the crowd with your demonic words, today the official will definitely take you down."

Chen Wenqing knew clearly that Qin Guangbao, the county magistrate of Heitie County, had colluded with Chanyin Temple, knowing that it was meaningless to say anything at this time.

Therefore, Chen Wenqing turned to Abbot Kongming and said, "Old monk, the Buddha said that he would put down the butcher's knife and become a Buddha immediately. Do you think that a person who commits the heinous crimes of murder and arson can become a Buddha immediately as long as he corrects his evil ways?"

"Amitabha, good and good."

The old monk said: "My Buddha is merciful, put down the butcher's knife, and become a Buddha immediately. This statement was spoken by the Buddha himself. How could it be wrong?"

"Wrong!"

Chen Wenqing scolded angrily: "Everyone has Buddha nature, putting down the butcher's knife is to eliminate delusions and let go of attachments."

"The "butcher's knife" mentioned by the Buddha refers to the three karmas of mind, mouth and mind and all delusions, delusion, confusion, inversion, separation, and attachment, not the butcher's knife for killing people."

"If a person who kills and commits evil can become a Buddha, then he is also an evil Buddha. How can he become a true Buddha?"

The Buddha once said: "With those who have no self, no one, no sentient beings, and no life, if you practice all good methods, you will get Anuttara-samyak-sambodhi."

The Buddhist teachings practiced in Chanyin Temple are all evil methods, and all the Buddhas they worship are evil Buddhas.

Chen Wenqing already understood through the three questions, that the old monk in front of him is not a real Buddhist practitioner at all, and there is no need to continue asking.

Although the old monk exudes Buddha's light, it cannot conceal the fact that he is an evil Buddha.

In addition, Chen Wenqing felt a strong sense of incense from this old monk.

Apparently, the old monk used the name of the Buddha to deceive the people of Liming and steal the power of incense and fire to help his practice.

Chen Wenqing didn't say any more, and then circulated the spiritual power in his whole body, only to see a vertical pupil between his brows opened, and a golden light shone from the sky eyes.

"Old monk, in the name of the Buddha, you have done evil deeds, stolen the people's incense and mind power, invaded the fertile land, and lied to women. The crime is unforgivable!"

Chen Wenqing integrated mana into the sound, like the rolling sound of thunder, resounding through the Chanyin Temple.

"Today, Pindao wants to see what kind of monster you are, to dare to do such a rebellious thing!"

Chen Wenqing said to do it right away, and the old monk was not prepared in a hurry.

I saw Chen Wenqing pinching the handprints of Chen, Si, Wu, Li, Zhen, Xun, and Gen with his hands, and chanting a divine mantra:

"The law of heaven is clear, and the law of earth is spirited."

"Yin and Yang form essence, water spirit manifests itself."

"Spiritual light and water photography, reach the sky and reach the earth."

"The Yin-Yang Magic Mirror quickly reveals the true form."

"I follow the orders of the Sanqing to be as urgent as the law, and the eyes of the sky are clear-forgiveness!"

A golden light shot out from Chen Wenqing's eyes, carrying a brilliant and mighty aura.

Thunder and purple lightning flashed in the golden light, fixing the old monk in place.

"Bold and monstrous, quickly reveal yourself!"


		