

"Since there is no better choice, it's okay to choose to practice talismans. If you have the opportunity in the future, you can practice other spells and formations. Although the cultivation of the five elements and miscellaneous spirit roots is slow, it is good that you don't pick any skills. Any skills are fine. Try it. The "Shangqing Lingbao Sutra" contains everything, and I don't lack exercises."

Chen Wenqing was not sure, so he bowed to the four teachers and said, "Thank you for your guidance. I have made up my mind and am determined to participate in the assessment of Fulu Taoist Academy!"

As soon as Chen Wenqing said this, the teacher on the right stood up and said excitedly: "Great! I finally tricked... er... No... Young man, you have a good vision and chose our Fulu Academy Haha, if that’s the case, then you can come directly to Fuluyuan to report tomorrow!”

Speaking of handing over an iron waist card, Chen Wenqing took it with a dazed expression, but at this moment he felt like he was on a thief's boat, so he asked.

"I passed directly? Wouldn't this be a bit sloppy! Doesn't it mean that there will be another round of assessment later?"

"Joining the Fulu Academy, you don't need to test in the next round of assessment! Young man, please believe in yourself! I see your bones are strange and your appearance is extraordinary. I'm sure you are the long-awaited genius of the Fulu Academy!"

Holding the waist card in her hand, Chen Wenqing was speechless for a while: "Fuluyuan, do you dare to be more unreliable!"

"By the way! I am Cheng Yu, the teacher of Fulu Academy. If you have any questions in the future, you can come and find me."

"In addition, if you see a talisman genius with exquisite bones like you, you can also bring it here and find me directly. The door of my talisman Taoist temple is always open to everyone."

Chen Wenqing complained endlessly in her heart, but bowed and bowed, and left after doing a disciple's courtesy.

After regaining his senses, Chen Wenqing firmly shook the waist card in the palm of his hand, feeling the coldness from the waist card, and only felt that he should have passed the assessment, but it seemed that he had not passed it completely, which made him feel quite uncomfortable. complex.

"Forget it. Now that you're here, you'll be safe! Being able to join the Daoist Academy has already met your expectations, and now you can't pick and choose!"

Chen Wenqing packed up her mood and was about to leave when a familiar voice came from her ear.

"Little brother, are you finished with the assessment? Which Taoist Academy did you pass the assessment?"

Chen Wenqing turned around and found that it was Li Youcai standing behind him. However, at this time Li Youcai didn't seem to be as elated as before, but instead looked sad.

Chen Wenqing was puzzled, and couldn't help asking: "Brother Li, what's wrong with you? Could it be that you failed the examination?"

"Hey! I haven't started the assessment yet. But now it seems that even if I pass the assessment, I won't pass the assessment! You don't know, there are several people who have failed the assessment in the late stage of Qi refining, and even one of them has already reached the foundation establishment stage. They were all eliminated!"

Chen Wenqing was startled when she heard the words, and said, "Is the assessment already so complicated?"

"Ah? What volume?" Li Youcai asked.

"It's okay. I mean, is the assessment competition so fierce now?"

"Yes, only a few dozen disciples were recruited, but there were hundreds of people who participated in the assessment. Now it seems that there is little hope!"

Chen Wenqing looked at Li Youcai with a melancholy expression, and said with a flick of his eyes, "Brother Li, do you want to consider Fulu Academy?"

"Fuluyuan?"

Li Youcai showed a surprised expression on his round face, and said: "I heard that practicing talisman is both mind-intensive and takes a lot of time, and drawing talismans is extremely boring. In addition, to practice talisman, you need to buy talisman pens, talisman paper, and talisman ink. The practice of the altar is quite costly!"

Chen Wenqing smiled and said, "But, you can enter the Fulu Academy without the examination."

"What did you say? The Fulu Academy doesn't need to be assessed? Why don't I know about this?" Li Youcai stared at his eyes the size of soybeans, with an expression of disbelief.

"Brother Li, look! This is the badge of the Fulu Academy. I am now a member of the Fulu Academy."

Hearing this, Li Youcai snatched the badge from Chen Wenqing's hand, looked it over carefully, and said in surprise, "It's true! Brother Chen, where is the registration place for the Fulu Academy you mentioned? Please take it quickly." I'll go, otherwise I'm afraid there won't be any places if I go too late!"

Chen Wenqing looked at Li Youcai's anxious look, and couldn't help reminding: "Brother Li, it's at the first registration assessment place. However, this Fulu Academy doesn't look very reliable, should you think about it again, Brother Li? You see, practicing the way of talismans costs money, time, and energy..."

"Hahaha, thank you little brother! I'll just apply for this talisman academy, so I don't have to think about anything else. Money and time are nothing, I have a lot of these things, as long as I can enter the Taoist academy, everything will be fine! Little brother, let's not talk about it." Yes. I will go ahead and treat you to a drink at the Fulu Court another day!"

Before Chen Wenqing could speak, Li Youcai trotted away with his chubby body twisting. Chen Wenqing looked at Li Youcai's leaving back and smiled, thinking that it would be nice to have such a fellow Taoist in the Fulu Academy in the future.

The stone that was suppressed in her heart was finally removed, and Chen Wenqing was in a happy mood. Feeling the cool breeze on the mountain and the chirping of cicadas in the forest make people more happy than usual!

Chen Wenqing came to the vermilion gate, but saw two senior brothers Zhang Qian and Yang Xu drinking tea at the side, stepped forward quickly, saluted and said: "I have seen the two senior brothers!"

"Yeah. Why did Junior Brother come out so soon? You were the last to go in, but unexpectedly you were the first to come out. Could it be that you failed the first test?" Yang Xu asked in surprise.

"I'm telling my brother, it's really a fluke, I passed the assessment this time. So I came out first!"

"Oh? You passed the examination, but you don't know which Taoist academy you chose?"

"The next one is Fulu Daoist?"

"What! Fulu Daoist Academy? Didn't it mean that Fulu Daoist Academy plans to close this year? Why are they still recruiting disciples?"

Chen Wenqing was also quite surprised when he heard the words, and asked, "The Fulu Taoist Academy is going to be closed? But I have already got the Fulu Academy waist card, what's going on?" After speaking, he handed the waist card to Zhang Qian.

Zhang Qian took a look at his waist card and said, "Junior brother, your luck is really good! It seems that the Jianyuan of Fulu Daoyuan has already won the qualification to open this year with the temple master. It's just unknown what will happen next year." !"

Chen Wenqing wondered: "Why did the Fulu Taoist Academy fall to this point?"

"Hey! It's a long story. The Fulu Academy used to be brilliant, but because of some things, the way of Fulu declined. Now the Fulu Taoist Academy is getting worse day by day."

"Every year in the Great Contest, the Fulu Academy is the last for five consecutive years. Now Zixia's way of viewing Fulu has lost its authenticity, so the speed of practice is slow, and there are no powerful talisman methods, so the situation is getting worse."

Chen Wenqing nodded and said: "Since the talisman has been brilliant, it means that the talisman itself is not weak. Now that I have chosen the Taoist Temple of Fulu, I will go all out to revitalize the Taoist Temple of Fulu. At that time, there was not even a place to practice."

"Hahaha, junior brother is so ambitious! But this is easy to say, but it is quite difficult to do. You are just an outer disciple now. But Fulu Taoist Academy is weak, not only in the outer sect, but also in the inner sect. Not to mention Speaking of direct disciples, there isn’t even a Fulu Dao Academy!”

"I understand this, but this opportunity was given to me by the Fulu Taoist Academy, so I must fight for a future for the Fulu Taoist Academy. There is no most powerful spell in the world, and the strongest must be a human being! As long as I persevere and work hard , I believe that there will be some achievements in the talismans."

Zhang Qian patted Chen Wenqing on the shoulder and said, "Junior brother is well said! Is there any kind of prince or general Xiangning? Now the strongest person in the talisman lineage is the way of talisman in Tianshifu. His way of talisman has the ability to destroy the sky and destroy the sky. It's a pity that the talismans of the Heavenly Master's Mansion are all secret, and Zixia Temple is really far behind in comparison!"

Chen Wenqing was shocked when she heard the familiar name, and asked, "Brother is talking about Longhushan Tianshi Mansion?"

"Yes!"

"Zhang Zu was born thousands of years ago, and he was named "Three-day Master Zhengyi Zhenren." Zhang Zu obtained Taoism in Longhu Mountain and created the "Taoism of Zhengmengwei", later called "Tianshi Taoism", which is now the orthodox sect of Taoism in the world. Longhushan Tianshi Mansion is therefore revered as the ancestral home of Taoism. The heavenly master talisman refines the dragon and tiger alchemy, walks the avenue of talismans, travels the world, slays demons and demons, and eliminates harm for the people! "

Chen Wenqing was very excited when she heard about Zhang Zu's deeds, wishing she could live in the same era as Zhang Zu. I secretly warned myself in my heart that I must carry forward the way of talismans!


		