

What do you mean, Qi Refining Realm?

From my memory, I know that the Qi Refining Realm is the first realm of Taoist cultivation.

The Qi refining environment can absorb the aura of heaven and earth, enter the body and turn it into vitality, and the lifespan can reach a hundred years old. After reaching the Qi Refining Realm, the dantian is in the shape of gas, and one can initially master the use of spiritual energy techniques, and already have spiritual consciousness. Although I can't make bigu, my body has been greatly improved compared to before.

Reaching the Qi Refining Realm means stepping into the threshold of Taoism. Following the sorting out of the memory fragments of her predecessor, Chen Wenqing was not overjoyed, instead her brows were tightly wrinkled, and her green and immature face became solemn. Because, he found clues to the death of his predecessor from the fragments of memory.

"Sure enough, the death of my predecessor is strange. Someone is indeed trying to kill me!"

Chen Wenqing's expression was solemn and his eyes were fixed. He slowly sorted out the fragments of the memory of the original body, and the past experience of the little Taoist priest was presented.

The little Taoist's surname is Wang, but what his full name is is unknown. I only remember that when I was ten years old, unfortunately, Wangjiazhuang encountered a catastrophe. The predecessor escaped the catastrophe by being hidden in a water tank by his parents. Later, he was brought back to the temple by a passing Taoist priest of Zixia Temple and became a Taoist priest of handyman.

All of his parents died overnight, which was too tragic for a ten-year-old child. Therefore, the little Taoist vowed secretly in his heart that he would practice Taoism and avenge his parents and the whole village.

The little Taoist priest was full of hatred in his heart, and he was also taciturn on weekdays. He would only bury his head in hard work and would not communicate with other handymen.

As a handyman, it took more than three years to save two taels of silver. Later, thanks to the sympathy of the handyman, he spent the two taels of silver and bought a copy of the basic "Qi Refining Art" from the Zixia Temple from the steward. The little Taoist really made him succeed in refining Qi with his perseverance and hard work.

The little Taoist priest who succeeded in refining Qi was originally full of expectations, hoping to participate in tomorrow's outer sect assessment. He believed that as long as he passed the examination of the outer sect, he could enter the Zixia Temple and start practicing Taoism. Then, there is hope for slaying demons and demons, avenging parents and relatives!

It's a pity that the little Taoist's wish is very good, but the reality is very cruel.

As the little Taoist practiced, he found that the more he practiced this "Qi Refining Jue", the more difficult it was to understand. In the process of cultivation, she also went into madness many times, and her health was getting worse and worse. The little Taoist priest never suspected that there was something wrong with this "Qi Refining Jue" itself. Instead, he felt that it was because of his lack of qualifications and hard work. Finally, yesterday, the little Taoist forced to "flow Qi", and finally died, and his life returned to Huangquan, and Chen Wenqing was able to cross over.

Chen Wenqing glanced at the memories of the little Taoist priest, feeling unfair, but also secretly vigilant. Because, he remembered the two voices that sounded in his ears when he just crossed over, one of which was definitely the handyman in charge; and it is still unclear who the other strange voice is.

Although Chen Wenqing didn't understand how valuable Zixia Temple's "Qi Refining Jue" was, but the little Taoist priest could buy it from the steward for two taels of silver, and there were unknown calculations in this alone. Not to mention the conversation between the two was heard during time travel.

Obviously the death of the little Taoist was a conspiracy. What is the purpose of the conspiracy is still unclear. Now, due to Chen Wenqing's time travel, the little Taoist priest did not die, and the person who conspired would probably not let him go. Thinking that the handyman will come back to check tomorrow, Chen Wenqing doesn't feel anxious, because there is not much time left for him to prepare!

Chen Wenqing was only an archaeologist in her previous life, and was not good at these tricks. But he didn't expect that after crossing over, he would face a life-and-death crisis. Chen Wenqing counted the support in his hands, and found that apart from his cultivation level in the Qi Refining Realm, he had nothing to rely on, and nothing else to rely on!

"What should I do?!" Chen Wenqing thought silently, analyzing the current situation.

"Chen Zhi, who is in charge of the miscellaneous servants, is at the sixth floor of the Foundation Establishment Realm. He has been in charge of the miscellaneous servants' hall for three years. During the past three years, the miscellaneous servants' hall has also been in order. Although he has not made great achievements, he has no faults."

"If you go to the Discipline Hall just because you are a handyman, you may be punished because you don't have any evidence or evidence in your hands. Therefore, this road is definitely not feasible."

Chen Wenqing rubbed her swollen head, thinking that there must be other ways.

Suddenly a thought flashed across, and Chen Wenqing suddenly realized, and his face couldn't help but beam with joy.

"Since tomorrow is the outer sect assessment, it means that as long as you pass the assessment, you will be able to leave the Miscellaneous Service Hall, and all problems will be solved!"

"As for Chen Zhi's conspiracy and plans, I can't do anything now. Now I can only ensure safety first, and then discuss it in the long run."

Now that he has made up his mind, Chen Wenqing will not delay any longer. So, taking advantage of the sunset, and relying on his memory, he ran all the way, and when the gate of the courtyard was about to close, he rushed to the assessment report office of the outer gate.


"Brother, brother! Please wait, wait..."

"I...I want to sign up...I want to participate in the outer door assessment!"

The two outer disciples who were in charge of registering the assessment list had been busy all day and were about to pack up and finish the registration. At this time, they heard a call from a distance, so the two stopped their movements in surprise.

Chen Wenqing had already rushed to the desk, and saw him put his hands on his tired and bent waist, panting like a cow, with fine beads of sweat on his forehead, and said intermittently: "Senior brother... I am really sorry for the delay on the way... It took me some time, and this is my wish to buy tea for all senior brothers."

The disciple in charge of registering was originally a little annoyed, but when he saw some more copper coins on the desk, his attitude immediately improved. Immediately after raising his head, he saw Chen Wenqing's thin body, wearing a tattered Taoist robe full of patches, he couldn't bear it, and understood that the few copper coins on the table might be hard-won for the person in front of him.

So, he said: "Junior Brother, you don't need to be polite. Judging from the appearance of Junior Brother, you should be a disciple of a handyman. Copper money is hard to come by, so there is no need to buy tea."

After speaking, he swept his sleeves, and the copper coins returned to Chen Wenqing's hands.

Chen Wenqing weighed the copper coins in his hand, and said in his mouth: "Thank you two senior brothers! I am grateful, I am grateful!" She said and bowed to the two senior brothers.

"I'm Zhang Qian, and this is Yang Xu. We're in charge of the outer sect's registration assessment. Why did the younger brother come to register so late? If it was later, I'm afraid I missed the registration time. You must know that the assessment will start tomorrow!"

"Two senior brothers, please. Senior brothers, you also know that as a handyman disciple, there are a lot of trivial matters on weekdays. I just made time for it. Fortunately, I caught up with you! Next, I have to trouble you two senior brothers!"

Therefore, after Chen Wenqing reported his name and age one by one, he was registered in the register smoothly. However, when registering the name, Chen Wenqing did not register the name of the little Taoist priest, but registered Chen Wenqing's name. Firstly, the little Taoist priest in my memory does not have a complete name and surname, and secondly, Chen Wenqing, who revived his life, still wants to live out his own style.

After Chen Wenqing registered, he thanked the two outer sect brothers. Just about to leave, Zhang Qian stopped him.

"Junior Brother Chen, wait a moment! As a disciple of handyman, it must be quite difficult to cultivate to the Qi Refining Realm. Since Junior Brother has this ambition, then Senior Brother will give you a special word of advice."

"Although the Qi refining stage has already met the standards for the outer sect to participate in the assessment. But the real participants in the assessment are at least the middle or late stage of Qi refining, and even the foundation building stage. With your current level of strength, if you want to change your status as a handyman disciple, I am afraid it will be quite difficult. for difficulty."

Chen Wenqing's heart skipped a beat when she heard the words, and her heart turned sharply.

"It seems that becoming an outer disciple is not as easy as the original body imagined. I thought that as long as I succeeded in refining Qi, I could become an outer disciple, but I didn't expect that the level of refining Qi is just the lowest threshold for participating in the assessment. .”

Chen Wenqing bowed deeply to Zhang Qian, and said seriously: "Chen Wenqing thank you, Senior Brother Zhang, for your advice! However, as a handyman disciple, I have nothing to lose. Therefore, even if I know I am invincible, I will do my best!"

"That's a great word! It's great that the younger brother has this kind of heart. It seems that I'm not wrong about the person. So, I'll wait and see tomorrow."

Zhang Qian was in charge of registering for the outer sect assessment. Including Chen Wenqing, a total of 642 people participated in the assessment. Most of the participants in the assessment were people from outside the Zixia Temple who signed up for the assessment, and Chen Wenqing was the only apprentice in the Zixia Temple.

Moreover, the participants in the assessment more or less have some cultivation. Some Confucianism cultivators have no hope of great success, and they switched from Confucianism to Taoism; some are famous doctors who can make alchemy and distinguish medicine;

Chen Wenqing, nothing! It was because there was nothing, that Zhang Qian took a high look.

At this time, the sunset has completely set, and twilight has also fallen.

After bidding farewell to the two senior brothers, Chen Wenqing was very silent along the way. Although it is necessary to do our best, insufficient cultivation is an objective flaw.

With a heavy heart, Chen Wenqing walked with one deep foot and one shallow foot, and gradually disappeared into the night.


		