

Chen Wenqing casts the "Purification Mantra".

Immediately, the golden light in the hall exuded endless majesty. In the golden light, there were phantoms of the four divine beasts of Qinglong, Baihu, Suzaku, and Xuanwu, dispelling the boundless and cold atmosphere.

"Purification mantra, forgive me!"

With a wave of Chen Wenqing's sword, streams of pure aura of Taoist profound spirit with golden grandeur fell on the bodies of Li Youcai and Xiao Huihui, like the scorching sun melting ice and snow, all the yin and cold aura faded away!

Li Youcai and Xiao Huihui resumed their spiritual energy.

"What a powerful body protection spell! It can actually resist the cold air emanating from my group of demons dancing wildly."

Ou Xiefeng said: "So what if you can resist my cold air? Let's see how you can resist this group of demons!"

After speaking, he drove countless ghosts to kill Chen Wenqing and others.

"Junior brother retreat quickly, this beast has profound magic power, you are not an opponent yet!"

Chen Wenqing let out a clear shout, "You all stand by and help me out, and lead me to destroy these ghosts!"

Chen Wenqing leaned forward, pulled out the Dragon Slaying Sword, and chanted the "Golden Light Mantra". Immediately, his whole body was wrapped in a faint golden light, and the Dragon Slaying Sword also emitted golden light.

"kill!"

Chen Wenqing cast the sword technique and cast the golden light spell on the dragon-slaying sword. The power of the dragon-slaying sword increased greatly immediately, and countless ghosts and evil spirits were wiped out under the dragon-slaying sword.

"Dancing Demons" is one of Ou Xiefeng's supernatural powers. Once it is used, it is like opening the gate of hell. Evil ghosts and ghosts will continuously emerge from the black air, as if they will never be able to kill them all.

Endless ghosts used their sharp claws, knives, spears, and swords to slash at Chen Wenqing's body continuously, sputtering sparks like golden light, but they were still unable to break through the divine light of Chen Wenqing's "Golden Light Curse" body protection.

Chen Wenqing was submerged in the endless black waves of fierce ghosts.

"Shameless old thief, want to waste my mana?"

Chen Wenqing felt the aura in his body passing away like a high-power engine, and suddenly realized.

"Junior Brother! Use Confucianism and Taoism supernatural powers to wipe out all the shrimp soldiers and crab generals!" Chen Wenqing's voice came from the black wave of ghosts, and it was obvious that Chen Wenqing was disturbed by these ghosts.

"Okay! Brother, look at me!"

Hearing this, Li Youcai encouraged the aura of Confucianism and Taoism in his body to resonate with the heaven and the earth. Suddenly, a silver-white hole opened in the sky, like the Milky Way descending from the nine heavens, shedding thousands of brilliance.

"Heaven and earth have righteousness, mixed with manifolds. The lower part is the river and the mountains, and the upper part is the sun and stars."

"Confucianism - Haoran righteousness, go!"

Li Youcai pointed towards the sky, and immediately, with a mighty righteousness like the Milky Way, he broke through the roof of the Witch Cult Hall from the dome, and sprinkled endless brilliance.

"Flying down three thousand feet, it is suspected that the Milky Way is falling in nine heavens! Hit!"

Confucianism and Taoism's righteousness is like a rushing river, cleaning up the black smoke and ghosts in the hall, and countless fierce ghosts and evil ghosts are also turned into fly ash in the greatness and righteousness, burning up.

Ou Xiefeng felt bad when he saw Li Youcai displaying Confucianism and Taoism's righteousness, but when he looked back, he saw that the ghost and Taoism he was proud of had been broken.

"As a member of the Taoist sect, you actually know Confucian supernatural powers?" Ou Xiefeng was shocked by Li Youcai's operation, "You have clearly mastered the Confucian grand righteousness art, what else do you want to learn?!"

Li Youcai had just performed his strongest Confucianism and Taoism so far. At this time, he was exhausted and panting like a cow. He said with a smile.

"Confucianism is Taoism! Who told you that Confucianism and Taoism cannot be cultivated simultaneously, old thief, do you know how to be afraid now?!"

Ou Xiefeng heard the blue veins on his forehead burst, and said: "I admit that I underestimated you a little bit before! You have such strength, and it is not wrong for the Witch Gu Cult to lose to you. However, if it is only like this, Then you will never escape death today!"

Ou Xiefeng flew into the air, exuding evil aura all over his body, and quickly made handprints of "Yin, Mao, Chen, Si, Wu, Wei, Shen" in his hands, which made people dazzled; , stepping on seven stars.

Soon, a huge formation rose up and surrounded the entire Witch Gu Cult.

"Hahahaha...", Ou Xiefeng laughed wildly, his beard and hair fluttering, "Nine Heavens Xuansha, turned into a ghost, the Nether Blood River, smelting all things! The blood river formation is as urgent as a law, forgive me!"

Ou Xiefeng made the last handprint, and in an instant, the whole Wugu Cult shook, and pillars made of white bones rose from the bottom, each pillar was entangled with ghosts, and burned with cold blue flames.

The ground cracked open, and evil and insidious rivers of blood continued to surge out, quickly covering the entire Witch Gu Sect. There are countless ghosts and bones in the blood river howling angrily, baring their teeth and claws, as if they want to swallow the whole world.

"Old man, let's see how you escape!"

With a wave of Ou Xiefeng's hand, the blood river immediately flew up from the ground, turned into blood dragons, and rushed towards Chen Wenqing and Li Youchai.

"retreat!"

Chen Wenqing retreated quickly to avoid the blood dragon's attack.

"You must not be contaminated by this blood!"

Chen Wenqing opened his eyebrows and sky eyes, and saw that there were not only countless ghosts and ghosts in the bleeding river, but also countless poisonous Gu. Once even the slightest bit was stained by this incomparably vicious blood river, Chen Wenqing was not confident that he could resist it with only the protective divine light of the Golden Light Curse.

"Confucianism-thousands come together!"

"Confucianism-thousands of troops!"

"Confucianism-Iron Horse Glacier!"

Li Youcai launched three Confucian and Taoist techniques in succession, and headed towards the blood dragon, but found that the three Confucian techniques were swallowed up by the blood river just like moths to a flame.

"Woo ha ha ha..."

Ou Xiefeng laughed wildly, and continued to manipulate the blood dragon to attack Chen Wenqing and others.

"It's useless! This old man's blood river formation can devour the vitality of heaven and earth! Whether it's the energy of Confucianism or Taoism, it's useless in this old man's blood river formation!"

"You are waiting to die today!"

Ou Xiefeng saw that Chen Wenqing and the others were completely suppressed, so he poured out all his mana, and several more blood dragons flew towards the sky.

Chen Wenqing moved left and right, approaching Ou Xiefeng constantly, with You Tian's eyes helping him, it was not particularly difficult for Chen Wenqing to avoid the blood dragon's attack.

I saw him silently chanting the golden light mantra, and the golden light on his body suddenly became more brilliant under the transmission of increased mana.

"You got complacent too early!"

Chen Wenqing yelled loudly, and all the heavenly eyes between his brows opened, exuding endless majesty.

"Certainly!"

A ray of divine light shot out from Chen Wenqing's eyes, with a little power of thunder, the divine light hit Ou Xiefeng's body, making Ou Xiefeng feel numb all over his body, and the magic power of the golden core around him stagnated.

"At this moment!"

Chen Wenqing flipped his left hand, and a black chain appeared in his hand.

The chains were extremely black, with thunder flashing on them, it was Bai Wuchang's ecstasy chains.

"Monster, where to escape!"

Chen Wenqing threw out the chain with all his strength, turning into a lightning snake formed by a cloud of thunder, trapping Ou Xie to death.

at this time.

Ou Xiefeng yelled in his heart that he was not good, and was about to break free with all his strength, but felt that the magic power in the golden core had dissipated, and he couldn't sense the existence of the magic power in his body.

Apparently, holding this black chain imprisoned all of his mana for a short time.

"what is this?"

Ou Xiefeng was terrified and wanted to break free with all his might. But no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't mobilize any mana in the end.

Seeing this, Chen Wenqing didn't answer, but quickly drew out the dragon-slaying sword, concentrated all her mana on the dragon-slaying sword, and slashed at Ou Xiefeng.

"The first form of the dragon-slaying swordsmanship, kill evil!"

"die!"

Chen Wenqing's Zhanlong Sword exuded a brilliant golden light, and the sword light flashed from midair into a crescent moon, passing towards Ou Xiefeng in front of him.

Ou Xiefeng's pupils were wide open, watching Jian Guang sink into his body, he hissed loudly.

"Do not!"

Slaying the dragon sword, the sword is like a dragon.

Ou Xiefeng's body and soul, under this sword of killing evil, turned into dust and dissipated in the world!


		