

"Oh? You can guess it's me?"

The visitor's whole body was enveloped in spiritual power, and he couldn't see his figure clearly at all, and his voice was obviously deliberately concealed.

Therefore, when Li Youcai revealed Gu Jing's real identity, Gu Jing couldn't help being shocked.

"Brother already knew that Guanzhu Gu would come, so he asked me to wait here."

Li Youcai had an excited expression on his face, as if seeing Gu Jing was like seeing a savior.

"Chen Wenqing, does he know that I'm coming?"

Gu Jing frowned tightly, "Since he knows I'm coming, where is he?"

"Brother...he has already left the second floor of the Town Demon Tower. As for where he went, I don't know."

"Leaving?" Gu Jing didn't believe it, silently let go of his spiritual power, and felt that Chen Wenqing's aura had indeed not been found in this desert.

"How did he get out?"

Gu Jing looked into the distance and asked in a cold voice.

"Senior brother has a Great Void Teleportation Talisman in his hand. We happened to meet a monster. Senior Brother fought with it. After being seriously injured, he used the Void Teleportation Talisman to go out."

"It turned out to be the Void Teleportation Talisman?"

Gu Jing said silently in his heart: "In order to protect him, this old man is willing to give up..."

"Okay! I understand, you can continue the trial. Since you are all fine, then I will leave!"

Gu Jing stared at Li Youcai, and broke out with a strong momentum, "Before leaving, I want to ask you, how did he know that I will come?"

"Senior Brother said, how important is the outer door's trial and assessment, and there are many monsters in the Demon Suppressing Tower. If there is any danger, Guanzhu Gu will definitely not ignore it."

"In addition, the rhinoceros in the battle between senior brothers actually has a state of distraction, which is far beyond the limit that the outer disciples can deal with. This battle is huge, and Guanzhu Gu will definitely arrive in time."

"Otherwise, once a disciple has a problem in the Demon Suppressing Tower, Guanzhu Gu will definitely be held accountable..."

After hearing Li Youcai's words, Gu Jing snorted coldly.

"Chen Wenqing is right. I came here because I sensed the aura of distraction in the Demon Suppressing Tower. Since you are all fine, I have left too."

After speaking, before Li Youcai could respond, he turned into a cloud of green smoke and disappeared into the air.

Seeing that Gu Jing had already left, Li Youcai immediately sat down on the sand, feeling cold sweat on his back.

"Fortunately, I was fooled by it... It scared me to death!"

Faced with Gu Jing's pressure, Li Youcai's heart was pounding, if he showed any flaws, he would surely die today.

"It's obvious that Gu Jing came here to kill people, but he didn't see his brother, so killing me doesn't make any sense..."

"However, where is he?"

Li Youcai looked at the vast sand sea and became confused.


Under the yellow sand.

Chen Wenqing fell into a coma, was pressed by the quicksand, and drifted with the quicksand.

I don't know how long it has been.

A little divine light rose from between Chen Wenqing's eyebrows, and he finally came to himself.

"it hurts!"

Chen Wenqing felt that her body was being run over by a steamroller, and her flesh and bones were under tremendous pressure.

"Where am I?"

The huge pressure made Chen Wenqing feel pain all over his body, but he couldn't move at all.

Chen Wenqing couldn't breathe at all, and couldn't call for help. She could only struggle with all her strength, and silently circulated her spiritual power to maintain her vitality.

Chen Wenqing tried to open her eyes and mouth, but felt a mouthful of sand poured into her mouth.

"I am... under the yellow sand?"

Chen Wenqing immediately understood her situation and stopped struggling. He knew that in the quicksand, the harder he struggled, the faster he would fall!

Chen Wenqing tried her best to calm herself down, thinking about how to escape from the yellow sand.

"If I hadn't been seriously injured and had sufficient spiritual power, then I could get out of trouble. It's just that with my current physical condition, it's really too difficult to get out by myself!"

Chen Wenqing thought about various ways, but he denied them one by one.

"Junior Brother must still be looking for me up there. If I can notify Junior Brother, then the matter will be handled easily."

but.

Chen Wenqing had no idea how far he was from Li Youcai, and couldn't tell him by voice transmission. So, after Chen Wenqing tried a few times, he gave up.

"I must get out as soon as possible, otherwise the wind and sand will accumulate thicker and deeper, and I will sink deeper and deeper. It will be even more difficult for me to come out later."

"How to do?"

Chen Wenqing is now in a desperate situation.

"That's right!" Chen Wenqing had a flash of inspiration.

"I have a spirit beast contract - sacrifice seal, I can try to communicate with Xiao Huihui."

Chen Wenqing was running the "Shangqing Lingbao Sutra", and the "sacrifice seal" on her arm was shining green, trying to communicate with Xiao Huihui.

Time passed slowly.

Chen Wenqing cast the Golden Light Curse while circulating his spiritual power, resisting the pressure from all directions.

At this time, the trial and assessment of the outer sect has slowly come to an end.

Asked in the field.

The disciples who participated in the trials from various Taoist schools came back from the Demon Suppressing Tower one by one.

Of course, there are also some disciples who will never come back.

After all, the trial is a fight with the demon clan, and it is inevitable that there will be dangers, so there are not a few disciples who died in the belly of demons.

"Why haven't Junior Brother Chen and Junior Brother Li come back yet?"

Everyone from the Fulu Daoist Academy gathered beside the Demon Suppressing Tower, watching other disciples of the Taoist Academy come out of the Demon Suppressing Tower one by one, but Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai were not seen for a long time, and everyone couldn't help feeling anxious.

"Senior Brother Liu, don't worry, maybe Junior Brother Chen and Junior Brother Li are behind, let's stay calm and wait a little longer!"

said silently.

Everyone looked at the exit of the Town Demon Tower and waited quietly until the sun set. Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai hadn't come out of the Town Demon Tower yet.

So, everyone panicked.

"What should I do? Did something happen to the two junior brothers?"

"Perhaps the juniors couldn't find their way back, or they were trapped by something..."

"However, I just heard that most of those who didn't come back are basically confirmed dead..."

"Don't talk nonsense, the two junior brothers are auspicious people, and nothing will happen."

"Okay! Stop arguing!"

Cheng Yu had an ugly expression on his face, and said, "Wenqing and Youcai can't come out, so we'll go in and look for them until we find their location."

"Live to see people, die to see corpses!"

"Also, I have a hunch. They must be fine, waiting for us to go and rescue them!"

After Cheng Yu finished speaking, he covered his head and walked towards the Demon Town Pagoda, followed by other disciples.

Gu Jing looked at the Fulu Daoist and his party and entered the Demon Town Tower, with an unpredictable smile on the corner of his mouth.

"I was thinking about how to catch you all in one go, but I didn't expect you to throw yourself into the trap!"

Gu Jing held it in his hand, and a small black flag appeared in his hand, with the words "recruiting demons" written on the small flag.

The demon banner immediately turned into a stream of light, followed the crowd into the demon town tower, and disappeared.

Inside the Fulu Daoist Temple.

Everyone came to the Demon Town Tower, only Xiao Huihui was left alone, looking through various books boredly.

Suddenly Xiao Huihui felt a blur in front of her eyes, and a weak voice sounded in Xiao Huihui's soul.

"Little Huihui... I... am..."

"Under the quicksand..."

"The Town Demon Tower..."

"Second floor."

Hearing this familiar voice, Xiao Huihui regained her consciousness and couldn't help but let out a scream.

"Not good! Brother, something happened to him.

up! "

After Xiao Huihui finished speaking, she dived into the ground, disappeared in the Fulu Taoist Temple, and rushed towards the Demon Town Tower.

"Brother, hold on!"

"Little Huihui is here to save you!"


		