

The shrill screams woke up the monks who were intoxicated with wine and meat.

The monks who drank and ate meat already understood that the little Taoist priest who overturned the copper pot was obviously not seeking refuge in Chanyin Temple, and probably had some other purpose.

At this time, there were hurried footsteps outside the main hall, and the two Zhike monks finally rushed over. Seeing the mess in the hall, they were dumbfounded.

"Taoist Taoist, you are so brave, you dare to run wild in Chanyin Temple! Do you know what kind of place this is!?"

An intellectual monk was furious, pointed at Chen Wenqing and reprimanded him angrily.

"Oh? Then what place do you think this is?"

Chen Wenqing looked up at the gilded Buddha in the altar of the main hall, and said, "Don't tell me, this is the Daxiong Hall, right?"

The Zhike monk hesitated for a long time when he heard the words, but he didn't know how to answer.

"Amitabha."

A monk uttered the Buddha's name and stood up from the table. He put down the half-eaten chicken leg in his hand, and then wiped his oily hands on the monk's robe.

"Poor monk Huiku of Chanyin Temple, I have met the Taoist priest." Huiku showed a miserable expression on his face, and said, "Daoist friends read that right, this place is indeed the main hall of Chanyin Temple!"

Chen Wenqing snorted coldly, and said sarcastically, "The Great Hall of Great Heroes? Isn't it?"

"I only saw a group of fat monks, drinking and eating meat in the Great Hall of Great Heroes, so happy! Monk, you won't tell the poor Tao that you are drinking and eating meat in the Great Hall of Great Heroes, is it to save all living beings?"

"The Daoist's words are wrong!"

The monk clasped his hands together, with a look of grief on his face, and said: "All living beings are suffering, deeply trapped in the five poisons of greed, hatred and ignorance. I, the monks of Tianyin Temple, drink and eat meat to find the way to liberate all living beings from the five poisons. It’s not about greed for food and drink. The so-called, wine and meat pass through the intestines, and the Buddha’s heart stays in it.”

"My Buddha is merciful! Daoist priest, you have lost your mind."

"Hahaha, what a hypocritical fake mercy!"

Chen Wenqing sneered and said, "Your so-called suffering is exactly the happiness that many Li people cannot pursue!"

"How shameless are you guys to say such a sanctimonious thing!"

Seeing Chen Wenqing's angry face, the monk felt happy instead, and said, "The Taoist priest is not from my Buddhist sect, and he doesn't know the meaning of my Buddhism. It is said, "Form is emptiness, and emptiness is form." To my Buddha, wine and meat are emptiness. Then, since Everything is empty, what is the Taoist priest so attached to?"

The monk said proudly: "The Buddha said that all conditioned dharmas are like dreams and bubbles, like dew and electricity. Daoist Master, the monks are not drinking or eating meat, but practicing Buddhism."

"The so-called, I don't go to hell, whoever goes to hell."

"Namo Amitabha."

Chen Wenqing was stunned by the shamelessness of the monk in front of him, and said coldly: "A good form is emptiness, and emptiness is form!"

"Well, if I don't go to hell, who will go to hell! I didn't expect that Buddhism can be interpreted in this way. Today's poverty is an eye-opener!"

At this time, Chen Wenqing already understood in his heart that if he discussed Buddhism with these fake monks, it would be completely wrong.

Now that he has decided in his heart that the group in front of him are all fake monks practicing evil Buddha, Chen Wenqing has no intention of reasoning with them.

I saw Chen Wenqing raised his fist and threw it at the face of the chubby monk in front of him. Suddenly, the monk's eyes were filled with blood, his face was covered with blood, and he screamed like a pig being slaughtered.

"Ah...it hurts me too!" The monk burst into tears and wailed in pain, "little miscellaneous hair, you dare to beat your Buddha, the Buddha will never forgive you..."

"Angry?" Chen Wenqing sneered: "Didn't you say just now that "form is emptiness, and emptiness is form"? Why, the Buddha also has a temper?"

"You still don't want to spare me? Didn't you say just now that "everything with action is like a dream bubble"? So, did I hit you just now? Monk, you read it wrong, this is just your dream bubble!"

"You, you are photographed!"

Chen Wenqing stood in the center of the Daxiong Palace, facing the fat and angry monks in the hall, and kept laughing.

At this time, several footsteps came from outside the hall.

But I saw an old monk headed by wearing twenty-five scarlet cassocks, wearing a Vairocana five-Buddha crown on his head, holding a golden tin staff, with a solemn face, sandalwood floating around his body, and faint Buddha light shining.

Behind the old monk was a short, fat man dressed as a county magistrate, with a goatee beard, looking at Chen Wenqing with an angry face.

"Amitabha, Kongming, the abbot of Chanyin Temple, a poor monk, has met the Taoist leader!"

The old monk was still benevolent, and he didn't seem to see the mess in the hall, nor did he see the blood on the monk's face.

"Xiaodao Zixia Guan Chunyangzi, I have met the abbot!" Chen Wenqing thought, after so long, the rightful master finally came.

Abbot Kongming showed a kind face, and said with a voice of compassion for the world: "It seems that the little Taoist priest has prejudice against me, Chanyin Temple?"

"It seems like we have to show courtesy before fighting?" Chen Wenqing sneered in his heart: "Forget it, let's play with you evil monk today, and watch me expose your true colors as evil monk!"

"That's right! Poor Dao has read a few Buddhist scriptures, and today he happened to ask the old monk for advice." Chen Wenqing said in a firm tone, no longer polite.

Abbot Kong Ming was not angry when he heard the words, but his face became more and more solemn.

"Amitabha! It's okay for the Taoist priest to say if he is confused." said the old monk Kongming.

Chen Wenqing thought for a moment, raised her head and said with a sneer, "Old monk! Xiaodao has five questions to ask you. If you can convince me today, then it is not impossible for Pindao to join your Chanyin Temple from now on."

"But..." Chen Wenqing said sharply: "If you can't answer, old monk, how about disbanding this Zen Yin Temple from today?!"

When the old monk heard the words, his lowered eyes flickered, but he didn't answer immediately.

The old monk thought for a while before replying: "Okay! The poor monk promises you!"

"Very good! Then, the first question of the poor is, what is a Buddha?"

"The second question of the poor is that the Buddha said that all living beings are equal. But why is there a strict hierarchy in Buddhism: Buddha, Bodhisattva, Guanyin, Arhat, Vajra, and Satara? Why, the hell among the Buddhas is divided into gods, humans, and asuras. The way, the way of animals, the way of hungry ghosts, the way of hell? Why doesn’t the Buddha have women?”

"The third question of the poor, the Buddha said to put down the butcher knife and become a Buddha immediately, so what is the law, what do you need the law for?"

"Pindao's fourth question, the Buddha said that form is emptiness, and emptiness is form. But the temples and monasteries that Pingdao saw were all decorated with gold and jade splendor, and the Buddha's body was plated with gold. Since they are all empty, why waste people's money and pay homage to Buddha?"

"The fifth question of the poor way, the Buddha said that the sea of ​​suffering is boundless, and turning back is the shore. Since the sea of ​​suffering is boundless, how to turn back?"

After the old monk listened to Chen Wenqing's five questions, his lowered eyes finally lifted angrily, and said in a deep voice:

"Xiao Daoist, you have fallen into evil ways!"

"Today, it looks like the poor monk is going to use the magic trick!"

Chen Wenqing's complexion did not change, and he said sternly: "The Buddha said: All appearances are false. The so-called Buddhist teachings are not Buddhist teachings."

"Old monk, after all, you're the one who's the one with the picture!"


		