

The rhinoceros demon's dharma was deployed, breaking a huge hole in the roof of the Taoist temple, and the entire Taoist temple was crumbling.

The yellow sand pouring down from the big hole in the roof will soon bury this place!

"Run!" Chen Wenqing pulled Li Youcai and quickly fled towards the ground, fearing that if he slowed down, he would be buried in the sea of ​​sand.

"You two ants, you still want to escape after teasing me?!"

The rhinoceros demon was moved, and he raised a huge front foot and stepped on the two of them head-on.

Chen Wenqing suddenly felt the sky darken, and a huge coercion came from the top of the two of them.

"Sure enough, the distracted monster is invincible. Just step on it with one foot, and it will make people unable to move."

Chen Wenqing saw that Li Youcai was unable to move due to the coercion, and immediately ran the "Shangqing Lingbao Sutra" to restore the stagnant spiritual power to normal, and pulled Li Youcai to escape the catastrophe.

"Brother! Think of a way, if this continues, we are doomed!"

Li Youcai's face was pale, and beads of sweat rolled down his round, fat face.

"I almost died, just a little..." Li Youcai kept wailing in his heart.

Between life and death, there is great terror.

at this time.

Huge fear shrouded Li Youcai's heart. The phantom of the rhinoceros, which was like a demon descending from the earth, almost made him completely lose the power to resist like a nightmare.

"Junior brother, your mind is confused!"

"Back to God!"

Chen Wenqing spun the "Shangqing Lingbao Scripture" and let out a clear drink, which immediately dispelled the fear in Li Youcai's heart.

"Senior brother, the rhinoceros is simply too terrifying, we are no match at all! Let's run away, keep the green hills, and don't worry if we don't have firewood..."

Li Youcai pulled Chen Wenqing's sleeve and said anxiously.

Seeing this, Chen Wenqing frowned, but did not answer, but chanted a spell in her mouth.

"Too high on the stage star, always responding to changes."

"Exorcise evil spirits and subdue evil spirits, protect life and body."

"Wisdom is clear and the mind is peaceful."

"The three souls are eternal, and there is no loss of soul."

"Meditation mantra, hurry like a law!"

"amnesty!"

Chen Wenqing stretched out a finger, and saw a golden light emanating from Chen Wenqing's finger, submerging into Li Youcai's eyebrows and soul.

Li Youcai shuddered, as if waking up from a dream, with a confused face.

"Brother, what's wrong with me?"

"You were distracted by this monster just now, and almost lost yourself, but fortunately, you were pulled back in time..." Chen Wenqing was relieved when he saw that Li Youcai had regained his sanity.

Hearing this, Li Youcai raised his head and looked at the phantom of the rhinoceros standing between the sky and the earth, fear continued to grow in his heart, and his mind began to become trance again.

"Junior Brother, concentrate!"

Seeing this, Chen Wenqing pointed out again, and once again emitted a golden light into Li Youcai's soul.

"Junior brother, remember to guard your mind! Your mind is disturbed now, so remember not to look up at this demonic appearance again!"

Hearing this, Li Youcai sat down cross-legged, intending to guard the golden elixir, and ignored everything around him.

"Hahaha..."

There were bursts of wild laughter in the sky, "The little ants are trying to trap this king in a vain way, they really don't know how high the sky is."

"Today, the king will let you two ants understand the fate of violating the majesty of the king!"

After the rhinoceros finished speaking, it raised its foot and stepped on Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai, with a ferocious smile on its face.

That big foot like a pillar of the sky stirred up the yellow sand all over the sky, like a river hanging upside down, submerging Chen Wenqing.

"Landslide and ground crack, die!"

At this critical moment.

In this desert full of yellow sand, bursts of Buddhist voices resounded.

Immediately afterwards, a golden Aspect of the Fudo King stood up from the yellow sand, and stretched out a giant hand to block the phantom of the Rhinoceros Dharma Aspect.

"What the hell is this?"

Under the yellow sand all over the sky, the rhinoceros only saw a huge golden phantom, blocking its own "landslide and earth cracking" kick.

"Om, ma, ne, bah, me, hum!"

Fudo Ming Wang Faxiang, chanting the six-character mantra of Buddhism in his mouth.

Immediately, five-colored Buddha lights emanated from Faxiang's head, sweeping away the yellow sand all over the sky, and King Ming's body was covered with raging golden Buddha fire.

"It turned out to be a bald donkey from Buddhism!"

The corner of the rhinoceros grinned, and its eyes became more fierce, "What I hate the most is you bunch of Buddhist bald donkeys!"

As soon as the words fell, the rhinoceros demon Dharma Aspect pawed the ground, and charged towards Fudo Ming Wang Dharma.

There was a cold glow on the sharp black horns, and under the full force of the rhinoceros' dharma form, it collided with Fudo Mingwang's dharma body.

"Boom!"

Chen Wenqing felt that the entire desert space on the second floor seemed to be shaking.

King Fudo Ming stretched out his two hands, grasping the horns of the rhino demon's dharma form tightly, and the two sides wrestled under the yellow sand all over the sky.

The golden Buddha fire exuded from Ming Wangfa's body, which ignited the rhinoceros demon, but was attacked by the cold demonic aura, neither of them could do anything to the other.

"You little golden core stage, can you support this Buddhist secret?" Rhinoceros said sarcastically, there was still room for words.

In order to fight against the rhinoceros, Chen Wenqing had to go all out.

The spiritual power in the golden core faded away like a tide, and within a short while, he soon felt powerless.

"Break it!" The rhinoceros let out a roar, increasing the output of its demon power.

Chen Wenqing felt a huge force coming from the rhinoceros dharma figure. The sharp horns of the rhinoceros smashed through the dharma figure's hands, and slammed into the fudo king's dharma figure. The Ming king's dharma figure immediately turned into streams of Buddha fire and dissipated.

When a huge force struck, Chen Wenqing felt as if he had been hit hard, and was sent flying hundreds of feet away. He spit out a mouthful of blood and fell on the yellow sand pile.

"Hahaha...the little ants dare to compete with this king!"

"This king only needs to use one-tenth of his ability to trample you two reptiles to death!"

At the time when the rhinoceros was proud.

Suddenly, a bright white light fell from the sky, like the Milky Way falling from the nine heavens.

"Confucianism and Taoism supernatural power - demon suppression!"

"Heaven and earth have righteous energy, mixed with manifolds. The lower part is the river and the mountain, and the upper part is the sun and stars!"

"town!"

That bright white light pierced down from the Nine Heavens like a sharp divine sword, nailing the phantom of the rhinoceros demon to the ground.

"Brother!"

Li Youcai shouted at the top of his lungs, "Use your sword quickly! I can only hold on for two more breaths..."

Although the rhinoceros was immobilized by the sword of righteousness, it was still struggling fiercely. Li Youcai attached all the Confucianism and Taoism in his body to this sword. Under Li Youcai's full strength, blood continuously overflowed from his eyes and nose.

"hold head high..."

There was a sound of dragon chant between heaven and earth.

I saw that Chen Wenqing stood up from the sand.

Holding the sword in both hands, he aimed at the huge phantom rhinoceros standing in mid-air, and chopped off with one sword.

"One Sword Dragon Cry!"

"kill!"

A golden dragon flew out from the dragon-slaying sword and passed over the head of the rhinoceros phantom.

The appearance of the golden dragon was as fast as lightning, as if it had never appeared before.

In the wind and sand, everything is quiet.

It seemed that even the wind and sand had stopped making sounds.

I see.

The phantom of the rhinoceros standing in mid-air like a demon, was like breaking leather at this moment, and only had time to make a "sand" sound.

The rhinoceros demon's huge Dharma-phase head was decapitated by Chen Wenqing's sword, and it fell into the wind and sand all over the sky and disappeared.

"what..."

A shrill scream resounded through the second floor of the Demon Town Tower.

"Damn it...

hateful! "

"You little ant, you can kill this king and distract yourself!"

"My king remembers you!"

"In the future, I will definitely tear you to pieces!"

Chen Wenqing maintained the posture of raising the sword, and in the mist, he could only see a wisp of black smoke fleeing towards the distance...

"Has he finally escaped?"

Chen Wenqing fell into the yellow sand with the remaining thoughts.


		