

Chen Wenqing was really surprised by Cheng Jiaoyu's killing and decisiveness.

In Chen Wenqing's impression for a long time, Cheng Jiaoyu was a cowardly and humble image, but he didn't expect that after something happened, Cheng Jiaoyu would kill the two of them without hesitation.

Cheng Jiaoyu looked at Chen Wenqing's shocked expression, and smiled lightly, "Don't be so surprised! Although our Fulu Taoist Academy has fallen, it is not something that can be bullied by any cat or dog. Since you dare to plan to kill my disciple, then you must Bear my wrath! Wen Qing, you are the hope and fire of our Fulu Daoist Academy, whoever dares to attack you, I will kill him!" Cheng Jiaoyu revealed his domineering arrogance.

Obviously, the siege of Chen Wenqing this time has obviously touched Cheng Jiaoyu's backlash.

When Chen Wenqing heard the words, a smile appeared on her pale face: "Thank you Jiaoyu for avenging me! Next, I don't know what Jiaoyu wants to do?"

"Of course I reported this matter to the Law Enforcement Hall! I want to let the entire Zixia Temple know that someone opened the mountain protection array privately and put people from outside into the Zixia Temple, killing Zixia Temple's own people. I want to make this Find out all the gangsters hiding behind you one by one!"

Chen Wenqing thought for a moment and said, "There were three people who besieged me this time, except for the two people killed by Jiaoyu. There was also a cat demon who also participated in the siege. However, I killed it!"

Cheng Jiaoyu was shocked and said, "Are you sure this has something to do with the Yaozu?"

"Nine times out of ten, Zixia saw a traitor! There must be someone who is cooperating with the monster clan and planning some kind of conspiracy!"

Chen Wenqing replied affirmatively: "I don't know if I still remember the teaching, but the death of Chen Zhizhi, the steward of the handyman? His death is also related to the cat demon. Therefore, I guess that the cat demon who besieged and killed me is related to the cat demon who killed Chen Zhi." It's the same."

Cheng Jiaoyu nodded silently, and said: "From this point of view, there should be some major event about to happen in Zixia Temple, but the specific event is not clear yet. However, one thing that is certain is that it has something to do with the Yaozu.

"This matter is of great importance! I must report this matter to the senior management of Zixia Temple, and arrange for a secret investigation. Now, too many people should not be aware of this matter, so as not to startle the snake."

Chen Wenqing said: "Okay! Everything is arranged according to the instructions. However, we can find a few clues from this matter, which may be used as the direction of investigation."

"Well, Wenqing, if you have any ideas, just tell me." Cheng Jiaoyu said.

Chen Wenqing took a deep breath and said: "First, since the person who came here can open the formation of Zixia Guanshan, it means that this person must be a high-ranking person, otherwise he will not be able to command the disciples of the mountain guard to open the formation. Now he can command and mobilize the formation. I don't think there will be too many people in the Great Mountain Formation."

"Secondly, there must be trusted people behind the scenes among the disciples of the Hushan, so as long as the suspicious targets are identified, then you can investigate the problems of the disciples of the Hushan one by one."

"Thirdly, since this matter is related to the Yaozu, then we can investigate more and see who has any signs of contact with the Yaozu."

"Fourth, the purpose of besieging and killing me this time must not only be because of the last time the Fulu Dao Academy and the Shu Dao Academy gambled, but there are other deep-seated reasons. According to my guess, the purpose of besieging me The purpose of this should be related to Chen Zhi's case. Therefore, we can start a secret investigation from this matter."

Cheng Jiaoyu heard the words and said: "Wenqing, what you said is right, these are clues that can be investigated. Without further delay, I will report this matter to the upper management of Zixia Temple, and you should take a good rest."

When Cheng Jiaoyu turned to leave, he stopped again, took out an emerald green porcelain bottle from his bosom, and said, "That's right! Wen Qing, your soul has been severely injured, and there is a "Soul Protection Pill" inside." , you take it for a while and recuperate. Tomorrow, I will let the people from Dan Dao Academy come over and take a look."

Chen Wenqing took the elixir, bowed his hands and said, "Thank you for your instruction! Please wait for your instruction. Wenqing has a question, please ask your instruction for clarification."

"Well, tell me."

"I don't know who the upper echelon of the Zixia Temple that the teaching is looking for?" Chen Wen asked cautiously: "Please don't blame Wen Qing for talking too much, it is really too important. The master Gu Jing is in charge. If the status of the person who gave the feedback is not high enough, I am afraid that we will face the revenge of the deputy master."

Cheng Jiaoyu laughed and said, "Wen Qing, you are really smart! As pawns, you can't know too much about the upper-level games. But you are right about one thing, that is, if the people behind us are not strong enough, then we The greater the danger, the greater the danger.”

Cheng Jiaoyu said loudly: "Originally, the Fulu Taoist Academy didn't want to choose, nor did they want to take a position. But today's incident forced the Fulu Taoist Academy to make a choice!"

"Wenqing, what I want to tell you is that from today onwards, there will be a temple master standing behind our Fulu Taoist Temple!"

"Monastery Master?" Chen Wenqing's expression of surprise was beyond words, "Didn't it mean that the previous head of the Fulu Taoist Academy attacked the temple master and took away the treasure of the Fulu Taoist Academy, "The Book of Clouds"? According to common sense, the Fulu Taoist Academy and the temple The Lord should be regarded as an enemy."

"No! Originally, the Fulu Taoist Academy was from the Guanzhu's lineage. As for why the previous master attacked the Guanzhu, I am afraid that only the Guanzhu knows the reason. You only need to know one thing, that is, the Guanzhu is standing behind the Fulu Taoist Academy." The Lord is enough."

Cheng Jiaoyu sighed, took a deep breath and said: "After all, in the entire Zixia temple, the master's way of talismans is the most consummate! Moreover, Yun Tianxin, the last head of the Fulu Dao Academy, actually You are the direct disciple of the master of the temple!"

Only now did Chen Wenqing know that the master of Zixia temple, who was the most powerful person, was also practicing the way of talismans, and he was also the master of the previous talisman Taoist school.

Chen Wenqing bowed respectfully to Cheng Jiaoyu, and said, "Wenqing understands! I wish Jiaoyu all the best!"

Chen Wenqing looked at the two heads on the desk, frowned, and said, "Junior Brother Li, may I trouble you to take these two heads to Liuchen County? I want to find out where these two people came from." In addition, who was entrusted to come over and kill me. Perhaps, County Magistrate Wang can help collect some evidence."

"Okay brother, leave this matter to me, don't worry." Li Youcai said, patting his chest.

Chen Wenqing rubbed her tingling head, suddenly remembered something, and said: "That's right! These three people once called themselves the Three Immortals of Yingzhou, and among them there is a cat demon, a Taoist priest, and a monk. Perhaps, they can be used as the basis for investigation." Strong evidence."

Li Youcai said: "Okay! It's not too late, then the younger brother will go ahead, and he will be back at noon tomorrow." After speaking, he turned around and left the Fulu Daoist Temple in the dark.

Chen Wenqing looked at Li Youcai's leaving back, disappeared into the dark night, and said in a low voice, "The storm is coming, no one can avoid it!"


		