

Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai galloped all the way to the north. After half a day, they finally found a clue leading to the second floor of Zhenyao Tower.

"Brother, look at the Taoist temple in front of you..."

Li Youcai pointed to the dilapidated Taoist temple in front of him and said with joy.

"Well, it should be here! It seems that the Taoist temple is the passage leading to the upper floor, let me check it out..."

Chen Wenqing opened his brows and sky eyes, and shot out a series of divine lights. He found that all traces had disappeared when he reached this Taoist temple.

"The traces of the front are gone. It is certain that they must have entered the second-floor space through the Taoist temple."

Chen Wenqing said to Li Youcai, "Junior brother, we have to hurry... Otherwise, once they find the entrance to the third floor of the Zhenyao Tower, it will not be so easy for us to stop them!"

Therefore, Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai stopped talking, and they quickly entered the Taoist temple.

As soon as Chen Wenqing entered the Taoist temple, he saw a huge statue of the Big Dipper. Behind the statue of the Big Dipper was a colorful light curtain.

"Junior Brother, the Big Dipper True Monarch kills. The so-called Nandou injects life, and the Big Dipper injects death. The suppression on the second floor of the Demon Suppressing Tower must be extremely vicious demons, and we must be careful when we wait."

"Once we pass through the light curtain, we should restrain our breath as much as possible, and don't disturb the monsters on the second floor, otherwise the monsters will be difficult to deal with."

"In addition, our purpose is to block it in the second-floor space. It would be best if it can be removed. But if it can't be done, just trap it, and safety is the top priority."

Li Youcai nodded heavily when he heard the words, and said, "Don't worry, senior brother, I can tell the difference."

"Brother, follow me!"

Chen Wenqing led Li Youcai through the light curtain, and after a while, the two came to a desert full of yellow sand.

The sky was yellow and misty, and there was a gust of wind blowing the yellow sand all over the sky, hitting Chen Wenqing's face.

"Senior brother... I... bah bah bah..."

Li Youcai just wanted to speak, but his mouth was filled with sand from the sky.

Chen Wenqing showed a stern expression on his face, and his spiritual consciousness transmitted to Li Youcai.

"Junior brother, be quiet! There is a group of poisonous scorpions lurking in the sand not far away, be careful to disturb them..."

Chen Wenqing closed her eyes, but the sky eye between her brows opened slightly, exuding a faint divine light.

"Then senior brother, what shall we do next?" Li Youcai replied via voice transmission.

"We're flying through the sky...but be careful not to fly too high, lest you get blown off by the strong wind!"

After Chen Wenqing finished speaking, she jumped into the air, and Li Youcai immediately followed.

Chen Wenqing stood in mid-air, with divine light shining from the sky eyes between her brows, checking the surroundings for signs of anyone passing by.

Unfortunately, after a while, nothing was found.

"Brother, this wind and sand is really too big. Even if someone walks by, it will be covered by the wind and sand soon..."

Chen Wenqing nodded, and then recited the Golden Light Curse, and soon a faint golden light appeared on the two of them, separating the wind and sand that hit them.

"I have checked with Tianyan, but I didn't find any Taoism in this desert."

Hearing this, Li Youcai said, "Maybe we are flying too low and cannot see the distance... Brother, why don't we go up a hundred feet?"

So, Chen Wenqing went up a hundred feet, but still couldn't see the existence of the Taoist temple.

Chen Wenqing looked far into the distance, looking at the layers of deserts, and his heart skipped a beat.

"With such a big wind and sand, maybe this Taoist temple has been submerged under the yellow sand?"

"If so, we have to go down and investigate carefully."

After some tossing, Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai returned to the ground.

Chen Wenqing hesitated for a while, looked at Li Youcai and said, "Junior brother, I have a talisman called "Ghost Control Talisman", which may drive all ghosts to quickly find the traces of the Taoist temple. It's just that I can't use the way of talismans now, so I want to pass on this method to you, and you can perform it

Show this technique. "

Hearing this, Li Youcai complained, "Senior Brother, you should have said earlier that you have such supernatural powers, we have wasted so much time in vain."

"Junior Brother, I don't know that there are certain risks in using this ghost-controlling talisman. If we are not careful and recruit a powerful ghost, not only will we not be able to drive it to do things, but we may attract the ghost, which will only add to the trouble!"

"Brother, what do you say now?"

Li Youcai scratched his head and said, "There are dangers everywhere in this vast desert. If we go to find it in person, if we are not careful, the monsters lurking under the yellow sand will gather and attack..."

Chen Wenqing said: "That's good! I'll pass on this ghost-controlling talisman to you!"

Chen Wenqing's spiritual power surged all over her body, she pinched her fingers and stepped forward, and said: "Junior brother, watch carefully, follow me to learn!"

Immediately, he stretched out a finger and began to draw symbols out of thin air, outlining the head, gall, body, and feet of the ghost-controlling talisman...

Chanting a mantra in his mouth: "Xuanzong of Heaven and Earth, exorcising ghosts and controlling demons. The gate of heaven is opened, the gate of earth is opened, and the boy of thousands of miles will arrest his soul."

"The true son of the three souls, the jade girl of the seven souls, the five elements of yin and yang, and the three worlds of eight trigrams, I obey the law of the patriarch of the devil spirit way, forgive me!"

certainly.

Chen Wenqing is now unable to use the way of talismans because of the lack of spirit.

Therefore, he just showed Li Youcai the painting method and incantation of "Ghost Control Talisman", and the person who performed this technique had to be Li Youcai.

now.

Following Chen Wenqing's precepts and deeds, Li Youcai has actually mastered a lot of talisman techniques. At the same time, Li Youcai's way of talismans has become more and more refined.

Moreover, the "Ghost Control Talisman" is not a powerful talisman technique in essence, so Li Youcai has already drawn the "Ghost Control Talisman" after trying it three times.

Li Youcai pinched the "ghost-controlling talisman" with his index and middle fingers, and after he finished chanting the spell, the flames on the talisman suddenly lit up, and a cloud of green smoke rose up, and the smoke went down to the ground. The talisman also turned into fly ash and dissipated in the air.

In less than a while.

Both Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai felt the temperature of their bodies drop sharply. At this time, there were already a group of lonely ghosts around them.

"It's okay! The people who came here this time are a group of low-level lonely ghosts, and there are no general-level ghosts among them, otherwise there will be more troubles."

Chen Wenqing looked at the lonely ghosts around him, and he also breathed a sigh of relief.

"Junior brother, it's not too late, it's up to you next!"

Hearing this, Li Youcai sat down cross-legged, with a quiet mind, and began to control ghosts.

With Li Youcai's current cultivation level at the early stage of Golden Core, there is no problem in controlling a hundred ghosts, but the consumption of spirit power is relatively serious.

As time passed bit by bit, more and more beads of sweat appeared on Li Youcai's forehead, and his face became pale.

finally.

Just when Chen Wenqing thought that this matter was going to fail, Li Youcai suddenly opened his eyes.

"Brother! I found the Taoist temple, it's under the yellow sand eighty miles to the southwest!"

Li Youcai said excitedly with an excited smile on his pale face.

Chen Wenqing lifted her spirits when she heard the words, and said, "Junior brother, let's see if there are any man-made traces around the Taoist temple..."

"Brother, I've already seen it! I can be sure that we are the first to find that place, and no one else has discovered the Taoist temple yet!"

Chen Wenqing laughed, patted Li Youcai on the shoulder, and said, "Junior Brother, you did a great job!"

"It's not too late, let's go there quickly. We must arrange the eight diagrams before they find the Taoist temple!"

"I must let them go back and forth!"


		