

"Die to me!"

The spider demon agitated his abdomen, and saw his abdomen undulating up and down like a bellows, and suddenly ejected a huge black spider web.

The purple-black slime on the spider web gave off a pungent stench, and the slime fell to the ground, corroding the ground one by one.

Apparently, the slime on the web is highly poisonous.

Seeing this, the tiger demon fanned its wings vigorously, and the hurricanes blew towards the spider web like swords, trying to cut the spider web with the strong wind.

However, it was discovered that the flexible spider web was like a steel wire, no matter how the tiger demon incited the wind, the spider web was safe and sound.

The spider web was covered under the spider web under the tiger demon's hood, and the venom from the spider web penetrated into the tiger demon's body. The tiger demon let out a roar, trying to struggle against the restraint of the spider web.

"Chi Chi..."

The venom penetrated into the tiger demon's body, and finally the tiger demon turned into nothingness with a bang.

Seeing the tiger demon disappearing suddenly, the spider demon stood aside, at a loss what to do.

"How is this going?"

The spider demon was puzzled, "Where is the tiger demon? It was so arrogant and big just now, and it disappeared with a bang?"

at this time.

The snake demon also soared into the sky, turned into a huge body, wrapped the fire bird several times and twisted it forcefully, and the fire bird also turned into a sky full of flames and disappeared.

In the Nine Palaces Bagua Formation, the Snake Demon and the Spider Demon were left looking at each other.

"wrong!"

The middle-aged Taoist spoke, his hoarse voice seemed to crawl out of the ground, with a chilly air.

"The two monsters just now are not real things, but transformed by supernatural powers... If the king guessed correctly, I'm afraid we have fallen into a trap."

"what?!"

The snake demon and the spider demon were shocked, "Who is so bold, dare to design us?"

There was blood in the eyes of the middle-aged Taoist priest, he looked up to the sky and laughed loudly, "Whoever dares to challenge this king will die!"

After finishing speaking, the Taoist robe of the middle-aged Taoist priest exploded, and two big hands stretched out from the middle of the Tianling Cap, tearing it to both sides.

Immediately, the body and human skin of the middle-aged Taoist shattered into pieces, and a tall and majestic man appeared beside the snake demon.

This person was extremely tall, his body was muscular like steel, his face was covered with patterns, a long horn was on his forehead, and a bloodthirsty evil light appeared in his eyes.

This is a rhinoceros!

"Roar..."

"Stupid ants, dare to provoke this king, come out to me, I will tear you apart!"

Waves of sound came out from the formation, shaking the Jiugong Bagua formation.

Outside the Jiugong Bagua array.

Chen Wenqing watched the three monsters reveal their true forms, felt the aura coming from the other party, and kept turning their minds.

"It's such a terrifying aura... Could it be that this kind of aura is a distraction?" Li Youcai felt the power of the rhinoceros in the middle of the Eight Diagrams Formation, and couldn't help but feel chills in his heart.

"Senior brother, are we able to deal with this kind of big monster? Are we..." Li Youcai felt the aura of the rhinoceros, which was as deep as the sea, and even ten of them could not be defeated by himself, and he retreated in his heart.

Chen Wenqing frowned tightly, "Brother, please be safe..."

"This monster is obviously a big monster above the level of distraction, but what I'm curious about is how he avoided the mountain protection formation and covered up his monster aura?"

"If it's really the presence of the Great Demon of Distraction Realm, I don't think no one will be unaware of the Zixia Temple."

Hearing this, Li Youcai also looked carefully at the rhinoceros in the Jiugong Bagua formation, and said, "Brother...you mean that the rhinoceros that fell into our formation is not the real body?"

"Well, it's very possible!" Chen Wenqing opened his eyebrows with golden eyes, and kept looking at the rhinoceros, "I can't be sure, the cultivation level of the distracted monster is too much beyond me. Even if I have celestial clairvoyance, It is also impossible to tell whether he is the real body or a distraction."

"Brother, why don't we try it out?"

plum

Youcai's heart moved, he smiled and said: "Senior brother, your sword of killing evil can kill the golden core, and the sword of dragon singing can kill the enemy out of the body. If it is true that the demon king of the distraction realm comes here in person, he will surely be killed by the sword of senior brother. It's intact."

"I also want to try it, but I can't use the dragon-slaying sword technique to test it out. It is extremely difficult to break the formation from the inside, but it is much easier to break the formation from the outside. Whether it is killing evil or dragons, one sword The Nine Palaces and Eight Diagrams will definitely be smashed. If we can't kill them with a single sword, how can we resist them after they come out?"

"Then senior brother, what do you want to do?" Li Youcai said in confusion.

"The thunder method is the most suitable method for slaying demons and demons in the world. I plan to teach you a palm thunder method, and you can use the palm thunder method to test this monster." Chen Wenqing hesitated for a moment, then decided to use his talisman method "Palm Thunder" was passed on to Li Youcai.

"What? Lightning in the palm of your hand?" Li Youcai was shocked. "Isn't this the secret knowledge of the way of the talisman? It's not appropriate to pass it on to me so easily..."

"There's nothing wrong with it!"

Chen Wenqing waved his hand and didn't care, "Now that the situation is urgent, we don't need to be so preoccupied. Besides, I may not be able to test his depth with the palm of thunder alone. At that time, it may be necessary for the younger brother to display the aura of Confucianism and Taoism." .”

"Okay! Since the senior brother said so, then I will give it a try."

Li Youcai clenched his fists, "I hope that with all my strength, I can test out the true form of this evildoer."

Immediately, Chen Wenqing passed on the Thunder Palm Talisman to Li Youcai.

Compared with the ghost-controlling talisman, the palm thunder talisman is actually more complicated and difficult, so Li Youcai needs to spend more time practicing it.

However, fortunately, there are one hundred and eight spirit stones in the gossip array that continuously provide spiritual power, so it can operate on its own. Therefore, there is no need for Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai to preside over the formation for the time being.

at this time.

Nine palaces and eight trigrams array diagram.

"He Fangxiao is young, get out of here...Hide in the back and hide your head and show your tail, if you have the ability to fight with you, Lord Snake..."

"You are capable of arranging formations to trap us, why don't you dare show up? Are you afraid? Don't worry, as long as you come out, I promise not to kill you. At most, I will hang you up with a spider web and dry you into a mummified corpse... .”

The snake demon and the spider demon were clamoring, but there was still silence in the gossip formation, and no one paid any attention to them.

The two monsters suddenly became furious, and turned into dharma bodies and attacked the surrounding walls and beams, thinking that after the Taoist temple was demolished and collapsed, everything would be revealed.

However, contrary to expectations, all their attacks were resisted by an invisible force, as if a cloud of mud algae surrounded them, and any attack was ineffective.

"Okay, you two idiots, stop now!"

The rhinoceros watched coldly the snake demon and the spider demon doing mindless and useless work, and said: "Obviously we are deeply trapped in a formation, and all attacks will be invisible. No matter how hard you toss, it will be futile."

The blood-red pupils of the rhinoceros showed coldness, and he said decisively: "To maintain such a huge formation, the spiritual power required is huge. I don't believe that this formation can be maintained forever...I don't think it will take ten days. Kung fu, this formation will definitely break without attack!"

Thus, the snake demon and the spider demon finally calmed down under the threat of the rhinoceros king.

At this time, a voice came in.

"Ten days?"

"Unbreakable?"

"Let's see if you can survive ten days!"

The voice fell.

I saw the space of the Jiugong Bagua array, suddenly dark clouds rolled, thunder and lightning flashed, and thunder and lightning with thick wrists hit the three of them.

"Sting..."

A thunder snake landed on the body of the snake demon, and immediately the snake demon let out a shrill scream. A large area of ​​the snake's body was scorched black by the lightning, and there was a faint smell of meat.

"Ah...it hurts me too!" the snake monster rolled on the ground in pain, howling.

The spider demon saw that the snake demon was struck by the lightning that appeared inexplicably, and immediately

My heart shuddered.

Sure enough, a thunderous sound came from the ear.

"Stinging..." With a sound, a bolt of lightning fell and hit the spider demon. The spider demon let out a wailing cry, its whole body convulsed, its soul was shaken, and black smoke came out of its mouth.

"Master Rhinoceros, help!"

The two monsters shouted for help, anxious and uneasy.

"Thunder Talisman?"

The rhinoceros looked at the dark clouds billowing in mid-air, and thought to himself: "Could it be that Yuan Shouzheng has made a move?"

"No! If this old man makes a move, I will definitely be wiped out with a five-thunder rectification. There is no need to arrange such a complicated formation!"

"Besides, it's obvious that the power of this thunder spell talisman is much weaker than that of the old immortal five thunder spells. Otherwise, with one blow, there's no reason for these two trash to survive..."

The rhinoceros heart moved, and he said loudly: "You rat! Why do you hide your head and show your tail, your master rhinoceros is standing here, if you have the ability, try to throw a thunderbolt at me!"

"Okay! That's what you said, don't blame me for not reminding you!" A joking voice came, followed by the sound of thunder in the sky.

"Heaven and earth are boundless, heaven and earth are reversed, yin and yang are lawful, and the thunder talisman in the palm! Hurry up like a law, forgive me!"

A spell came, and the sound of thunder erupted in mid-air, and five thunder snakes with thick wrists fell from the sky and hit the rhinoceros heavily.

"Hahaha... If you want to kill me, you are still far away. I will use my body to fight against your lightning talisman. What can you do to me?!"

The rhinoceros is domineering and boundless, exuding a strong demonic aura all over its body, gathering into a rhinoceros dharma body, facing the five falling thunders in the sky, even trying to resist the thunder with the power of its soul.

"Boom...boom...boom..."

Three thunderbolts struck down heavily, hitting the dharma body formed by the evil spirit.

However, the strong monster energy acts like a barrier, counteracted by the power of thunder, and the power of thunder cannot directly hit the rhinoceros itself.

"Confucianism-Holy Words, you don't talk about strange powers and chaos! Suppress!"

A huge aura of righteousness poured down from the sky, turning into a milky white beam of light, and slammed the strong demonic aura into pieces. The mighty Confucian and Taoist aura temporarily suppressed the rhinoceros to the ground, immobilizing it.

at this time.

The last two thunderbolts broke through the remaining demon energy and hit the rhinoceros itself.

"Ah...Damn it!"

"You don't follow the rules, you agreed to use thunder, why did you use Confucianism!?"

The rhinoceros felt that his IQ was being rubbed against the ground by the opponent, and immediately became furious.

"Unforgivable!"

"Ant, how dare you hurt me!"

finished.

The rhinoceros struggled to stand up from the thunder, and roared to the sky: "The supernatural powers of the heavenly demon, the Dharma comprehends the world!"

immediately.

A huge phantom stood up from the body of the rhinoceros.

The phantom is more than a hundred feet high, exuding a chilling aura, like a demon god, arrogant to the world.

"Ants! I'm going to kill you!"

One after another sound waves came out from Xuying's mouth, like a tsunami, tearing apart the Jiugong Bagua array, and the 108 beams of light were also extinguished immediately...

at this time.

Li Youcai's Confucianism - Flowers in the Mirror and Moon in the Water was also broken, revealing the true form of the Taoist temple.

The giant phantom of the rhinoceros, looking at Chen Wenqing and Li Youcai, let out a deafening roar.

"Ants, die!"


		