

the next day.

In Yandang Lake.

Chen Wenqing swam in the lake like a fish, washing away the dust and impurities.

With a long howl, he stepped out of the waves and landed on the pavilion in the middle of the lake.

at this time,

The sun was just rising, and the morning glow shone on Chen Wenqing's bare upper body, exuding a radiant brilliance, like colored glaze.

Chen Wenqing clenched her fists, quietly feeling the boundless power contained in her body under the sun.

"After practicing Fudo Mingwang's Fury, the physical strength is at least ten times stronger than before."

Standing on the roof of the Huxin Pavilion, Chen Wenqing punched Yandang Lake, and suddenly there was a burst of air in the air, and a blast of stellar energy visible to the naked eye exploded on the surface of the lake.

"With my current state, if I use the Dragon Yin sword again, I'm afraid even Senior Brother Zhang Qian will be hard to resist!"

Chen Wenqing carefully felt the changes in her body, and found that not only her physical body had strengthened a lot, but her height was more than eight feet.

Through the reflection on the lake, Chen Wenqing saw a young man with fair skin and glowing fluorescence, a plump spirit like jade, sword-browed star-eyed youth, he was no longer what he was before!

"I didn't expect that after cultivating the body of Fudo Mingwang, the appearance would change so much. If it was in the previous life, I'm afraid it would be able to fascinate many little sisters..."

Chen Wenqing took out a Taoist robe from the storage bag and put it on casually. The hairpin on his head had long since disappeared into nothingness along with the Buddha fire.

At this time, it happened to be full of black hair hanging down. The breeze is coming slowly, as if a fairy descended to the earth, left the world alone, turned into a fairy...

Chen Wenqing stood in the wind, looking towards the direction of the rising sun.

"The second round of Zongmen Grand Competition is about to begin, and I don't know how this round of Grand Competition will be conducted..."

Chen Wenqing's heart moved, and she rushed towards the questioning field.



at this time.

The questioning field was already full of people. Chen Wenqing saw Li Youcai looking around in the crowd at a glance.

That chubby head, paired with a chubby body, and eyes the size of big mung beans, was like a firefly in the night sky among the crowd, so unique!

"Junior Brother..."

Chen Wenqing yelled behind Li Youcai now.

Li Youcai turned around, glanced at Chen Wenqing, then turned to another place to look around, and finally scratched his head with a puzzled face, and said: "How strange?! I clearly heard the voice of the senior brother, why did he disappear? ?”

Seeing this, Chen Wenqing took a step forward and patted Li Youcai on the shoulder, saying, "Junior brother, what are you looking for?"

Li Youcai turned his head again, and saw Chen Wenqing's enviable face at a glance.

"Brother, were you calling me just now?"

"Have you seen my senior brother? The one who fought against senior brother Zhang Qian yesterday?"

Chen Wenqing smiled inwardly, and said: "Junior Brother, could it be that you can't even recognize my voice?"

Li Youcai looked at the person in front of him, felt a familiar yet unfamiliar aura exuding from the person in front of him, and asked uncertainly, "Are you...Senior Brother Chen?"

"Of course it's me... You won't recognize me just because I didn't see you overnight?"

Li Youcai was shocked when he heard the familiar voice, and said, "It's really you, brother...how did you become like this?"

Chen Wenqing replied with a smile: "I practiced yesterday to become Fudo Mingwang's fury. Once this supernatural power is perfected, I will become like this when I wake up..."

Li Youcai laughed, pointed at Chen Wenqing, and said, "It's better to be like this... Before, I always called you a senior brother when you looked like a teenager, and I always thought it was weird."

"It's fine now, I don't feel uncomfortable at all..."

The change in Chen Wenqing's appearance not only surprised Li Youcai, but also made Cheng Jiaoyu, Shen Yu and others who rushed over later were also surprised by Chen Wenqing's change.

Just when everyone was sighing because of the change in Chen Wenqing's appearance and figure, Gu Jing's figure appeared in midair.

Immediately, the noisy questioning field became quiet.

"quiet!"

Gu Jing's voice was like rolling thunder, resounding through the sky.

"Yesterday's initial test results have been released, and the list of those who are eligible to participate in the next competition has been released. Among them, there are 49 people from the Martial Dao Academy, 32 from the Shu Dao Academy, 17 from the Zhen Dao Academy, and 19 from the Dan Dao Academy. People, five people from the Fulu Taoist Temple..."

Gu Jing held his hand, and a small golden tower appeared in the air.

Chen Wenqing looked far, and saw that the small tower had nine floors, each floor was locked with iron chains, there were mysterious runes circulating on the tower body and the iron chains, and there were nine palaces and eight trigrams formations around the small tower to seal them.

There is a red plaque on the top of the small tower, with the words "Suppressing Demon Tower" written on it.

Gu Jing held the small pagoda in his hand and said, "This is the Demon Suppressing Pagoda, with nine floors in total, and countless monsters are imprisoned on each floor. The higher the tower goes, the more vicious the monsters will be."

"These monsters are my Zixia Guan ancestors, who were captured and imprisoned here. So far, it has been more than three thousand years. As the number of monsters in the Demon Suppressing Tower increases, the power of the seal has declined a lot."

"Once the power of the seal weakens, there is a risk of these monsters escaping."

"Therefore, this big competition is to enter the Demon Town Tower, kill the evildoers and ensure the seal of the Town Demon Tower is intact!"

Gu Jing threw the Demon Suppressing Tower in his hand into the air, and suddenly the Demon Suppressing Tower emitted a burst of white light, purple air rose one after another, surrounded by mysterious runes...

With a buzzing sound, the small tower became a thousand times larger in the air, and fell heavily, stirring up countless dust.

at this time.

The small pagoda stands in the field of questioning, towering into the sky, about several hundred feet high...

"The Monster Suppressing Tower is a self-contained space, and there are countless monsters rampant. The monsters corresponding to each floor of the Monster Suppressing Tower have different levels of cultivation. Remember, the cultivation base below the Golden Core must not step into the third floor of the Monster Suppressing Tower , otherwise there is a danger of falling."

Gu Jing said in a loud voice: "So, this competition is in the Tower of Monster Suppression to see who kills the most monsters!"

"The one who kills the most monsters is the champion of the contest."

After Gu Jing finished speaking, all the disciples in the questioning field immediately started discussing.

"I didn't expect this big competition to be in the Demon Suppression Tower. I heard that there are many vicious monsters in the Suppression Tower, which is very dangerous!"

"Didn't Director Gu just say that as long as you don't go to the third floor, then you don't have to worry about anything."

"Besides, when we form a group activity, won't it be easy to hunt monsters?"


Chen Wenqing raised his head and looked at the huge suppression tower in front of him. He always felt that there was a huge danger waiting for him, which made him uneasy.

After a while.

Spirit energy surged in Gu Jing's hands, and after a flash of blue light, the restrictions and formations in the Demon Suppressing Tower had been undone, revealing the door to the Demon Suppressing Tower.

Immediately, the entire questioning field was filled with monster aura, and the killing intent was astonishing!

"When catastrophe strikes the ten directions, the monsters in the Demon Tower of Zixiaguan Town are ready to move, endangering the common people. Everyone has experienced the training of entering the world, and the Tao will become more refined!"

"As cultivators, you should shoulder the important task of killing demons and subduing monsters!"

"My seat announces that the trial of the Demon Town Tower will start now!"


		